input_text;target_text
"Um I'm Craig and I'm User Interface. Yeah. Well, my favourite animal would be a monkey. Then they're small cute and furry, and uh when planet of the apes becomes real, I'm gonna be up there with them. Yeah. I know um My parents went out and bought um remote controls because um they got fed up of having four or five different remote controls for each things the house. So um for them it was just how many devices control. Uh.
Mm-hmm. Great. And I'm Andrew and I'm uh our marketing expert. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's that's it. Yeah. I will go. That's fine. Alright. So This one here, right? Okay. Very nice. Alright. My favourite animal is like A beagle. Um charac favourite characteristics of it? Is that right? Uh, right, well basically um high priority for any animal for me is that they be willing to take a lot of physical affection from their family. And, yeah that they have lots of personality and uh be fit and in robust good health. So this is blue. Blue beagle. My family's beagle. I coulda told you a whole lot more about beagles. Boy, let me tell you. Impressionist. Alright. Mm. Superb sketch, by the way. Yep. I see a dog in there. Yep. Now I see a rooster. What kind is it? Is he aware that th it's his own cha tail he's chasing? Hmm. Probably when he was little he got lots of attention for doing it and has forever been conditioned. 'Kay. Um, can we just go over that again? Uh, so bas at twel Alright, yeah. Okay. So cost like production cost is twelve fifty, but selling price is is that wholesale or retail? Like on the shelf. Our sale our sale anyway. Yeah, okay okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Alright. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well right away I'm wondering if there's um th th uh, like with D_V_D_ players, if there are zones. Um f frequencies or something um as well as uh characters, um different uh keypad styles and s symbols. Um. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then a and then al the other thing international is on top of the price. I'm thinking the price might might appeal to a certain market in one region, whereas in another it'll be different, so Just a chara just a characteristic of the Just Or just like, basic product podi positioning, the twenty five Euro remote control might be a big hit in London, might not be such a big hit in Greece, who knows, something like that, yeah. Yep. Right away I'm making some kind of assumptions about what what information we're given here, thinking, 'kay trendy probably means something other than just basic, something other than just standard. Um so I'm wondering right away, is selling twenty five Euros, is that sort of the thi is this gonna to be like the premium product kinda thing or Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah, I'd say so, yeah. No. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Do we have any other background information on like how that compares to other other Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, interesting thing about discussing um production of a remote control for me is that l as you point out, I just don't think of remote controls as somethin something people consciously assess in their purchasing habits. It's just like getting shoelaces with shoes or something. It just comes along. Do you know what I mean? Like so sort of like how do you I I mean one one way of looking at it would be, well the people producing television sets, maybe they have to buy remote controls. Or another way is maybe people who have T_V_ sets are really fed up with their remote control and they really want a better one or something. But Right. Right. Okay so Right, so in function one of the priorities might be to combine as many uses I think so. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well like um, maybe what we could use is a sort of like a example of a successful other piece technology is palm palm pilots. They're gone from being just like little sort of scribble boards to cameras, M_P_ three players, telephones, everything, agenda. So, like, I wonder if we might add something new to the to the remote control market, such as the lighting in your house, or um Yeah, yeah. An Yeah. Like, p personally for me, at home I've I've combined the um the audio video of my television set and my D_V_D_ player and my C_D_ player. So they w all work actually function together but I have different remote controls for each of them. So it's sort of ironic that that then they're in there um you know, the sound and everything it's just one system. But each one's got its own little part. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. That's just really good id Yep. Uh, sure. I remember when the first remote control my my family had was on a cable. Actually had a cable between it and the T_V_ and big like buttons that sort of like, like on a blender or something. And um, you know, when I think about what they are now, it's better, but actually it's still kind of, I dunno, like a massive junky thing on the table. Maybe we could think about how, could be more, you know, streamlined. S Something like that, yeah. Or whatever would be technologically reasonable. 'Cause it could b it could it could be that f it could be that functionally that doesn't make it any better, but that just the appeal of of not having You know, these days there's a r pe things in people's homes are becoming more and more like chic, you know. Um, nicer materials and might be be worth exploring anyway. Okay. Um. Before we wrap up, just to make sure we're all on the same page here, um, do we We were given sort of an example of a coffee machine or something, right? Well, um are we at ma right now on the assumption that our television remote control may have features which go beyond the television? Or are we keeping sort of like a a design commitment to television features? I I don't know. Yep. Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright.
Okay. Right. Um well this is the kick-off meeting for our our project. Um and um this is just what we're gonna be doing over the next twenty five minutes. Um so first of all, just to kind of make sure that we all know each other, I'm Laura and I'm the project manager. Do you want to introduce yourself again? Okay. Great. Okay. Um so we're designing a new remote control and um Oh I have to record who's here actually. So that's David, Andrew and Craig, isn't it? And you all arrived on time. Um yeah so des uh design a new remote control. Um, as you can see it's supposed to be original, trendy and user friendly. Um so that's kind of our our brief, as it were. Um and so there are three different stages to the design. Um I'm not really sure what what you guys have already received um in your emails. What did you get? Mm-hmm. Is that what everybody got? Okay. Um. So we're gonna have like individual work and then a meeting about it. And repeat that process three times. Um and at this point we get try out the whiteboard over there. Um. So uh you get to draw your favourite animal and sum up your favourite characteristics of it. So who would like to go first? Very good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Lovely. Right. You can take as long over this as you like, because we haven't got an awful lot to discuss. Ok oh we do we do. Don't feel like you're in a rush, anyway. Ach why not We might have to get you up again then. I don't know what mine is. I'm gonna have to think on the spot now. Is that a whale? Ah. Okay. God, I still don't know what I'm gonna write about. Um. I was gonna choose a dog as well. But I'll just draw a different kind of dog. M my favourite animal is my own dog at home. Um That doesn't really look like him, actually. He looks more like a pig, actually. Ah well. Do you? Oh that's very good of you. Uh. Um he's a mixture of uh various things. Um and what do I like about him, um That's just to suggest that his tail wags. Um he's very friendly and cheery and always pleased to see you, and very kind of affectionate and um uh and he's quite quite wee as well so you know he can doesn't take up too much space. Um and uh And he does a funny thing where he chases his tail as well, which is quite amusing, so It is. I think it is. He only does it after he's had his dinner and um he'll just all of a sudden just get up and start chasing his tail 'round the living room. Yeah, so uh Yeah, maybe. Maybe. Right, um where did you find this? Just down here? Yeah. Okay. Um what are we doing next? Uh um. Okay, uh we now need to discuss the project finance. Um so according to the brief um we're gonna be selling this remote control for twenty five Euro, um and we're aiming to make fifty million Euro. Um so we're gonna be selling this on an international scale. And uh we don't want it to cost any more than uh twelve fifty Euros, so fifty percent of the selling price. Sure. All together. Um I dunno. I imagine That's a good question. I imagine it probably is our sale actually because it's probably up to the the um the retailer to uh sell it for whatever price they want. Um. But I I don't know, I mean do you think the fact that it's going to be sold internationally will have a bearing on how we design it at all? Think it will? Um. Hmm. Oh yeah, regions and stuff, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well for a remote control, do you think that will be I suppose it's depends on how complicated our remote control is. Yeah, yeah. Okay. What, just like in terms of like the wealth of the country? Like how much money people have to spend on things like? Aye, I see what you mean, yeah. Marketing. Good marketing thoughts. Oh gosh, I should be writing all this down. Um. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like how much does, you know, a remote control cost. Well twenty five Euro, I mean that's um that's about like eighteen pounds or something, isn't it? Or no, is it as much as that? Sixteen seventeen eighteen pounds. Um, I dunno, I've never bought a remote control, so I don't know how how good a remote control that would get you. Um. But yeah, I suppose it has to look kind of cool and gimmicky. Um right, okay. Let me just scoot on ahead here. Okay. Um well d Does anybody have anything to add to uh to the finance issue at all? Thin No, actually. That would be useful, though, wouldn't it, if you knew like what your money would get you now. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Oh. Five minutes to end of meeting. Oh, okay. We're a bit behind. Yeah. Right, so do you think that should be like a main design aim of our remote control d you know, do your your satellite and your regular telly and your V_C_R_ and everything? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or even like, you know, notes about um what you wanna watch. Like you might put in there oh I want to watch such and such and look a Oh that's a good idea. So extra functionalities. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Um okay, uh I'd wel we're gonna have to wrap up pretty quickly in the next couple of minutes. Um I'll just check we've nothing else. Okay. Um so anything else anybody wants to add about what they don't like about remote controls they've used, what they would really like to be part of this new one at all? You keep losing them. Okay. Yeah. W You get those ones where you can, if you like, whistle or make a really high pitched noise they beep. There I mean is that something we'd want to include, do you think? Dunno. Okay maybe. My goodness. Still feels quite primitive. Maybe like a touch screen or something? Okay. Uh-huh, okay. Well I guess that's up to our industrial designer. It looks better. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right, well um so just to wrap up, the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes. So that's about um about ten to twelve by my watch. Um so inbetween now and then, um as the industrial designer, you're gonna be working on you know the actual working design of it so y you know what you're doing there. Um for user interface, technical functions, I guess that's you know like what we've been talking about, what it'll actually do. Um and uh marketing executive, you'll be just thinking about what it actually what, you know, what requirements it has to has to fulfil and you'll all get instructions emailed to you, I guess. Um. Yeah, so it's th the functional design stage is next, I guess. And uh and that's the end of the meeting. So I got that little message a lot sooner than I thought I would, so Mm-hmm. Uh-huh, yeah. Th Okay, well just very quickly 'cause this we're supposed to finish now. Um I guess that's up to us, I mean you probably want some kind of unique selling point of it, so um, you know Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Right, okay, we'll that's that's the end of the meeting, then. Um. So, uh thank you all for coming.
Hi, I'm David and I'm supposed to be an industrial designer. Um, I just got the project announcement about what the project is. Designing a remote control. That's about it, didn't get anything else. Did you get the same thing? Cool. There's too much gear. Okay. Can't draw. Um. Yeah. Um, well anyway, I don't know, it's just the first animal I can think off the top of my head. Um. Yes. Big reason is 'cause I'm allergic to most animals. Allergic to animal fur, so um fish was a natural choice. Um, yeah, and I kind of like whales. They come in and go eat everything in sight. And they're quite harmless and mild and interesting. Tail's a bit big, I think. It's an after dinner dog then. Hmm. It does make sense from maybe the design point of view 'cause you have more complicated characters like European languages, then you need more buttons. So, possibly. Hmm. Yeah. And you keep losing them. Finding them is really a pain, you know. I mean it's usually quite small, or when you want it right, it slipped behind the couch or it's kicked under the table. You know. Yep. Mm-hmm. I think one factor would be production cost. Because there's a cap there, so um depends on how much you can cram into that price. Um. I think that that's the main factor. Cool.
";The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animal and discussed what they liked about the animal. The project manager talked about the project finances and selling prices. The team then discussed various features to consider in making the remote. 
"Mm yeah. Nope, we're all set. Which which is the clunky one, the one on left or on the right?.. Okay. No. I'll add it later, I guess the presentation. No. No. Um function F_ eight. Function, the blue button. Next to the control on the left. Yeah. You have to push it together. Yep. Nope. Try that again. Wait. Yep, there we go. Increase that 'cause we can't see the That's much better. There you go. Bouncing on top. Is installing a new remote control something that people Um, I think it'll be the mid range to the high end market, in terms of people. 'Cause twenty five Euros for a remote, how much is that lo locally in pounds? Is that too is that a lot of money to buy an extra remote or a replacement remote? Right. Um so maybe not the high end range, but maybe middle, middle up-ish. Kind of. You know how much? I dunno I guess you pay, what, ten ten quid for a remote? Like a simple replacement, right. I mean if you lost your remote and the first thing you just wanna go out and get, would you how much would you pay? Yeah. Yep. I I think twenty five to thirty five is is is fair to add that in as a group as well because that's more than half your group of people who are willing to at least try and use your technology. Yeah. I think perhaps that age group is significant as well because those are people who use the computer, who are familiar with their with computers in in their everyday work. I think people who are maybe about I wouldn't say thirty five, but people who are about forty-ish and above now would not be so dependent and reliant on a computer or a mobile phone or something like that. So these are people who are gadgety, right? People who are u growing up used to, you know in schools and in universities, when you go on to their working lives, people who would you know regular Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I I think one thing we should try not to avoid is not to say we have to use speech recognition right now, because um, based on what you've go y everybody's saying, right, you want something simple. You want basic stuff and you want something that's easy to use. Speech recognition might not be the simplest thing for somebody to use. Um, but what I'm saying is that we're we're trying to lock ourselves into a s particular kind of technology, rather than focusing on on exactly what are the features that we're gonna say, and then, you know, say speech recognition is good for this, speech recognition is not good for this. So maybe we should I suggest that we think about speech recognition, anyway it's a it's something that can be used to fulfil a function, but at end of the day we don't look at the technology, but we look at the function first. Okay, sure. Sorry, do you mind passing me my notepad. Thanks. Cool, um. Okay. Um. Well this is just the working design um. Well this is just what how I would go about it. Um I guess I try to define like what we're doing now, try to define what we're trying to get done. Um I think in a practical way, we kind of know what it is. We've used it, we're familiar with it, but we're we can't n we haven't narrowed down um exactly what the things we're trying to fulfil, like Besides the basics, I think back in the back of our minds we know what the basics are. Has to change channels, has to change volume, but in like specifics, right, which one of the basics are you trying to target. Um are there certain parts of the basics that are more important or less important than the basics? Um and I just the idea is just to get everybody to um I usually have a have have a design that's there as a basic, so, you know, things that to start everything going. But I guess everybody does have some idea, so I don't think um there's a need for that. Um okay this finding things is a little bit confusing, so I'll go into the diagram first. It just explains how the process goes through, from a from the basic technology point of view, the basic steps that you need um in the diagram and in this slide probably works better. Um okay, you need some power source. 'Kay, a battery or something, to keep it going. Um and that power source is important because it ties you down to um how long the device will last. Um it ties you down perhaps a bit later on in terms of the technologies um how far you can transmit the signal or the complexity of the functions that you want. Like for example, voice recognition, right. That might be constrained because that you might need to power a microphone, you might need to power other things, so that's one perhaps constraint there. Um Th Okay, the basic thing is there's a user interface where people punch a button or talk into it or smile to it or blink their eyes, whatever. You know, and that um picks up an input from a user, um uh a logic a series of logic has to decide what the user is telling the device, and the device has to r you know, based on you push button A_, so I will do something with button A_. So maybe button A_ is the power button, okay. Um and then it needs to be able to send the signal out to the device itself which is the receiver here. Um and I think that's about it in terms of my design um. It's fairly general, um and I guess the purpose of this is also not to restrict you in in the way you're thinking, like um voice recognition, right, um, if it's something which is important then we just add more power rather than having a thing that we don't have enough power. So it's not really a constraint in that sense, but I mean these are functionally, you know, the base, what the technology has to do. Um so I guess the rest of it I think we should maybe you you wanna go back to what the functions are? I think that's more relevant to a discussion? Yeah, w I'm done. More or less. Yeah. Ps Oh, it's just putting the rest of it into words, but it's essentially the same thing. Um you have a transmitter, an input device, logic chip, you know, stuff like that. Um I guess this would be Yep. Um, these these aren't technology options in that sense. This is just um a basic principles and basic components that are needed. For example, if you needed um if you needed to add uh a voice recognition, right, then your user interface would be split, broken down into more components, right, which you have a microphone, the V_R_ and stuff like that. Uh Yep. Yep. So each component represents one function, but I think the basic functions are the logic, the transmitter, um and the receiver, okay, and the power are things that you won't have to care about. Um and those are things that based on what your user interface requires then we'll add more functionality to it. Um there might be one other consideration which would be that the the transmission between the remote control and the T_V_ for example. Okay, um are we gonna restrict ourselves to using the traditional technologies of infra-red thing? Because that's something you need to actually be physically be pointing to. Right. Yep. There might be one other problem with the transmission, um in particular right now, since we're talking about voice recognition. Um if somebody's gonna h talk to the device, you ideally want them to hold it to them. I it you may not require that, but you know, um it's it's it's something very natural, I guess, you know, to hold it, to signal to the user, and push a button maybe to start s talking about it. Then you need to send the signal out, so because if you're using infra-red, the line of sight um say the T_V_'s at that chair, and I'm standing in front of here and the transmitter is here, it blocks it. So in that sense, there's not really a restriction but it's something which you may have to think about later on in the process. Not so much further down. There's there's not much specific specific information, but I think that um one indication of infra-red mean that you're just targeting traditional devices. Because infra-red is something which everybody has. There's a there's Okay, from from a from a component point of view there's added complexity, and you add cost to it, um and then there's probably the fact that you need another physical component. You need a docking cradle, for example, for you to put it in to charge. Or you need to get the user to plug it in. Um and most users are very f use already used to the idea of buying batteries and putting it into the controller. But unless the controller's gonna consume a lot of batteries, like he's gonna run through like twenty batteries a month, then I don't think rechargeable is something we should you know, we really need to care about. Um. Okay, I think Another thing that you were saying about categorising the controls? Um maybe I could suggest we we break them down into three simple categories. One would be audio controls, one would be video controls, and the other one would be a device. Um this may not map very well to advanced functionality especially, but I think that um from a manufacturer's point of view, from a person designing the device, but I think from a point of view of a person using the device, you know a T_V_ is something they see and something they hear, um it's something they do other things to like turn it on and turn it off. I mean like so what we could have is like three buckets, right, where we could throw things into, like if we want this feature, let's throw it into there, and then from there decide whether it's basic, or it's non-basic. I mean it might help with the visualisation. And it would actually help with the component build as well. Mm no, not really. Mm. Um things like on off. Because they don't have anything to do with what you see. I me mean in terms of picture and the entertainment value, you know, um so um And channel. Because the on off also goes, you know, like on off like power, not on off sound. Not on off video. Although you don't turn off the video on your T_V_, but um you might wanna you know turn off the sound, say you wanna pick up the phone, there's a mute button, right, so you you have you have a choice of putting it on to um others or a device. Device is basically anything which we can't categorise, right. We put it out. Yeah, anything to do with what you hear, right. You you put that into audio. And then video is anything that you can see. Um. Yep. Yep. Yep. Like random which we have no other place to put, but we need it somewhere there. Um even even if it doesn't map very clearly what happens is that people at least have some in their mind. It's easy to use, I think that's one thing that um and I guess from the component point of view it's easy to build as well 'cause things are like fixed.
Could you plug me in? Okay. Thanks. Okay. 'Kay. Okay. And the slogan, like the actual written slogan, or just to embody the idea of the slogan? 'Bout putting the fashion in electronics. Sure. Right. Mm-hmm. M yeah, like a lot of a lot of what I've um read and prepared for this meeting fits in really closely with what with what Craig's just gone over. So in part I could I could give you some of my personal preferences but I could also th add some to this which is just about sort of um sort of market research. But anyway, um we might come to that later. Um clunky in what sense, like um h heavier? Larger? I see, so it's more just basic. Right, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Which was that? Up the numbers, or the up down? Yeah. Yeah. We don't? No? Yeah. Well I think I think es essentially what we're doing right now is we're categorising. We're saying well we want this to be a product that offers all the sort of more tricky features but we want them to be in another area? Is that right? Is that what we're we're doing? We're kind of like sorting them an Or are we actually eliminating things we just don't want the product to have? Yeah. Yep. Well, one one way I would look at this um would be that we a approach the different controls in terms of um like control types, so that for the user it's very clear what they want to do where they go. Uh and also think maybe a little bit about sorta w w what would just wanna be acc easily accessible. For example if we had audio controls, those could be something people set up very rarely. Maybe they're un they're they're they're in a little area but covered up um, things like channel and volume um are used all the time, so we just have them right out on top, um very just very sort of self-explanatory. Um so maybe we need to think about having three or more groupings of controls, you know like one which are just the the habitual ones that should be right within your natural grip. And others that are uh also available and then others that are concealed. Something like that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Sure. Can this can this pl reach? Can this plug come across? No. So why don't I just pick up and move then. Here, I'll just Why don't I just Mm er, can you go up behind me? Kinda This is so This I'm all in a knot now. Okay. Um. So I can I can say already, I dunno whether this is for good or for bad but there'll be a lot of kind of uh redundancy in the in the the issues and the the uh the things. Yeah, yeah. Which is ma not necessarily a bad thing, but may what I've already started doing is cr I created a slide in in my presentation here so um so that we kind of think well what's the cumulative effect of what we've taken from your ideas and and mine, because certainly I I have a hard time separating separating things completely. Obviously obviously what you've just told me what you've just told me impacts a lot on what um like market research mm that that I've been So how do I how do I get this up? Okay. Okay. Alright. So F_ eight? Oh, and F_ eight. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, I think that that's doing it now. Uh, again? Okay. Um, okay great. Okay. Just um Before I bring this up what I'll just say is um what I've what I've done is tried to collect some information so that I can then relay this to to you guys so that it's now becomes a collective thing. And then kind of lead us in the direction of deciding, 'kay what what are our options, what should we decide and do you know what I mean, so. Okay. Okay. Alright. That would be Okay. So um does that make sense? So what I basically got is I just looked into some information and sort of th tried to think about how how we could review it and how we could and what kind of decisions we could take away from it and then maybe by the end of just looking at some of these things we can think about what are our priorities. 'Cause certainly there's lots of different information to go through. So um I'm thinking here about uh primarily about customer needs, that we start with the customer, and w you know, what they want and what are issues with with um existing products. Uh to think about trends and also about try and connect that as you see with the company vision which is about fashion in electronics. Um and then, as I say uh w we'd like to prioritise our design features from this and um Dunno. Okay. Um. So this is what I've found here, um a lot of this is new to me, so we'll just read through together. Um, users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls. So they find them ugly. Most people find them ugly. Um the vast majority would spend more money for it to look fancy as well, we'll see later, the vast majority would spend more money for um slightly more intuitive control, such as voice recognition. Okay I'm gonna we'll look at that in a second. Um most people use only a f a very slim portion of all the controls. So I guess what we're looking at here is people want this h technology, they tend to use the most simple controls and overall they find remote controls to be something they don't doesn't really appeal to them. So I think what we're doing is we're trying to take like if for me this is sorta like three different different um inspirations, you know, one is that we want uh something that's high-tech but we want it to seem easy. And in spite of the primitive side of it and the very high-tech side, we want it to just be an appealing piece of equipment in people's hands. Um, frustrations. They get lost a lot, s as it came up in our last meeting. Um, takes time to learn how to use them. This is uh why I mention when Craig was uh showing us some ideas that we actually try and group controls, so d it doesn't just look like a big panel, kinda like when you you look at, you know, a new computer keyboard, or something that is quite explanatory. If you want audio, if you want visual, then you have those. Um and I will admit I don't know what R_S_I_ stands for. Uh, no, that did not come up at all. Um so here here is another um sort of a a review here of the main things. I also found that most people would uh adults at least would pay more for voice recognition. Now apparently we do have access to all the tech cutting edge technology in remote control. So I dunno if that's possible we might consider getting into it. Um. And and again here as we sort of move m sort of thin start thinking about how we wanna sell and market this, I think a recurring theme here is the company wants it to be wants us to make something that's fashionable and sleek and trendy. Um people uh additionally aren't aren't liking the appearance of their products, so we wanna think about as we take all the sort of the techie features how we can um put that into a unit which is which people like. You know, they like the aesthetics and the ergonomics. Yeah. Yeah, so you know just c looking at what what Craig um Craig's i uh ideas are s sorta tell me that maybe what we wanna do is try and um separate the different things that we wanna include in this. So if we do say well we want there to be all the technology will we try and make that almost be like optional technology. You know, it's like like I find a lot of T_V_s these days, something really like about 'em is if you wanna just turn 'em on and off you can, but they have little panels where you click and there's just like tons of features you go through. Yeah. Yeah. That's s that's sort of the um But I I'm my hope here is that I'm putting out this information so that we can then say okay, well how do we collectively move on with it. Um I I haven't brought out one specific marketing idea, although my sense is that what we should try and think about is what are the current trends in materials and shapes and styles, and then use that. But not let that confine us technologically. So Alright? Any um comments on all of that? That's uh Yeah. Okay. Where's the money, maybe. Yeah. And who watches T_V_. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. This this kinda touches on your comments there, David. These are the age groups which we have information on and these are this is a table of h what people would pay more for a certain feature. Just gives us a rough idea of where the w the will to spend money on T_V_ equipment is. Mostly focused around the twenty five age group. Sort of young professional, kind of. Mm-hmm Uh, yeah, it's the Yep. It does it does fit with the market that we're sort of identifying, in terms of Okay. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But yeah. Yeah, sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. If we can. Yeah. Right. Could it be an on off thing? Like if you want it on Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Sure. Yep. Yep. Yeah, it's good well it's good to get ideas out while they're fresh in mind. Um Not Yeah. And not losing. And also it helps in terms of people not losing this, you know they they're saying oh it's I lose it in the couch. like we're kind of what we're b sort of getting in into here is mating different uh design features together that they Right. Oh really, you've seen one before. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Sure. Sure. Yep. Right. And like on the means b Since we're on the topic of the technology, uh are there any like what are our options? Alright, what's what i in Is this the only way that we go about it, or are there other thin Right. The basic principle of 'Kay. Right. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Right. Right. Right. Okay. And um just a clarification before we finish this. Uh does c is our controller is it have the option of being um on a standard uh frequency as all of the other equipment, so that the one controller can control several pieces of equipment? Okay. Just to T_V_, okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's good. And is it going to include any of the uh the more advanced features, or are we gonna eliminate those? Okay. R is it is it is it s is it not an option still that we include some things just as a sort of under like sort of under a door or some 'Cause what what I'm I'd be a bit worried about is if someone was h had previously developed habits of expecting to control surround sound or this and that with their controller and then and then they, you know, w they get ours and w it's doesn't have that. I dunno if that'd be a problem. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. Yeah. 'Kay, okay. Like that. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm okay, great. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um yeah, just I just wanted to ask then before we wrap up, shall we agree for sake of um sort of clarity and when we when we r resume that we'll u use this idea David's proposed, where we think of these three sort of buckets and anything anything we discuss about them is sort of, okay, we're talking about this. Shall we do that, then? Okay, great. And and channel. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Colour, yeah. Sure. Sure. Okay. And then k I suppose quite likely what would happen is in the d device category there might be some which are just like the habitual standard and then others which are maybe a bit more Yeah. Sure, okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Great. Then we get to go find out what was picked up for lunch for us.
I'll go first. Alright um, can I st steal this from the back of your laptop? Uh so this is the technical functions design. Um Right to do the um the design I have I've had a look online, I've had a look at the homepage, which has given us um some insp inspiration from previous products. Um I've had a look at the previous products to see what they offer and um I would like to ask you guys for um your ideas about the design at the end of the meeting. Um unfortunately we're not allowed to talk outside the meeting room, so Um, having a look at the existing products, I found out that um it tends to come in sort of two extremes, there's either um a very complicated one that's got lots of buttons, lots of colours, very confusing, you don't know what you're doing. Um in that case the the labelling tends to be very bad. Um there's an example I'll show you at the end, um sh show you now. Uh here um the button there and there. This one's prog. Sorry. That one's perg and that one's prog, and it doesn't really tell you what it does. Um, not sure if you had a a look at the other um control in that example. Um it's a very simple one. It's got only the basic functions mm but um it's the same size as the the hard to use one. Uh it looked a bit clunky. They're very big and not very much use for buttons. Um, and it's just very hard to access the advanced functions. There's there's nothing for instance for a slow motion button. Um, my own preferences, I prefer the the clunky one. Um it's very easy to use. Um but unfortunately it does lack the advanced functions which I I quite like having on the controls. Um so I believe the the advanced functions should maybe be hidden in a drawer, or something like tha from the bottom of it. So, now I'd like to ask for your preferences. Um not sure of how long we've got, uh Um, the clunky one is the one on the right. Um I think it's supposed to be the same size, but um it's got much fewer buttons. It's, you know, it's very spread out and kind of you know, I get the idea it'd be sort of about this size. got very few buttons on it and Um, do we have any functions that um we'd want on it? I mean so far I've got um on and off, um switch the channel up and down, and put the volume up and down. Um they're just the the very basics you could use for a T_V_. Okay. Um, you say that's a h a required one or a requested one? Would you like um the channels like the the numbers on thing, um Um, yeah. Um Uh, to start with um sort of a bit both, um we need to find out exactly what we have to have um and after that we can add things if they're possible. There's um on and off, um volume and channel, and skip to certain channels with the numbers. Do you want to switch places? Just just switch them. Think maybe the the wire in the back might be loose. Um Well, did you not say it was the the adults that were going for the the voice recognition? Sort of the the older group. Uh f Yeah. I reckon one problem with speech recognition is um I've actually seen one of them used and uh the technology that was in that one wasn't particularly amazing, so you end up yelling at the control for hours. Channel up. Um I think it'd probably quite expensive to put in. Um. I think we just say that it was gonna be the the most basic stuff possible. Um on off, up and down channels, up and down volume and uh skip to a channel. Ta. Um I think we include mute, but apart from that um I think we just we'll go for the simpleness. Yeah. Um just about the three buckets, um what would go in the the device functions one? Um
Is that alright now? Okay. Sorry? Okay, everybody all set to start the meeting? Okay, we've got half an hour for this one um to uh discuss the um functional design. All ready to go? Okay. Um so hopefully you've all been working away, and I've put the minutes of the last meeting in the project folder. Um so I guess just to to recap on uh what we did last time. Um kind of uh got to know each other a little bit and uh got familiar with all the equipment and started to discuss um a bit about the project, you know, cost-wise how much how much money we had to s Um just want to tell you that you have three new requirements, um which is the The first one is that um uh the company's decided that teletext is outdated uh because of how popular the internet is. Nobody uses teletext very much anymore, so we don't really need to consider that in the functionality of the of the remote control. Um they've also suggested that we um we only use the remote control to control the television, not the V_C_R_, D_V_D_ or anything else. I think the worry is that if the project becomes too complex then it'll affect um how long it takes us to get it into into production, the time to market. So um, we're just gonna keep it simple and it'll just control the T_V_. And the other thing was that the company want the corporate colour and slogan to be implemented in the new design. Um I'm not entirely sure what the corporate colour is. It might be yellow, because there seems to be a lot of yellow everywhere. Well that's the thing, I'm I'm not sure um uh th because on the the company website, uh what does it say Uh something Yeah, I mean do they Is that something they want actually written on it, 'cause it's quite long. Um or yeah, just the idea, but I'm not sure. So that's something we can discuss as well. So those are the three things, just not to worry about teletext, uh only control the T_V_, and um and uh incorporate the uh colour and slogan of the company. Um so is everybody okay with any of that, or do you want me to recap at all? Right um, time for presentations then. Who would like to go first? Okay, cool. Oh yeah, of course, yeah. G go on ahead. Mm-hmm. Okay. Alright. Oop. Um. Well we can chat away for uh for five minutes or so I think at at most. Just a couple of minutes anyway. Mm-hmm. Shall we sh well we'll stick to kind of your area for now. Yeah. Looks kind of Yeah. Well I think it's a valid point. I mean like the one on the left looks quite um quite complicated, and that P_R_T_ p P_R_O_T_ thing is incredibly confusing. Um so I see I see why yo you know you might prefer the simpler design, but yeah you don't want to lose out on, you know, what it does, so maybe you know you know you get a lot of remote controls where you kind of flip the thing open, I think that's a good idea. I think it's a good idea. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh, and then actual numbers for channels as well, yeah. God, I wou I would say that's required, I mean there's no way anybody's gonna buy a remote control these days when if you can't actually individually select channels, I mean would anybody disagree with that? Um, what else, uh So don't need to worry about teletext, don't need to worry about V_C_R_, uh any kind of like display controls at all do you think we need to worry about, you know like brightness and contrast? Mm. Yeah. I think are you are you maybe kind of thinking what we absolutely have to have and what would be nice? Mm-hmm. Okay, right. Well, do you wanna maybe just, at this point decide on what we absolutely must have as a p as a function of this. Um, so so far, just to recap you've got volume and channel control and Right okay. Um Mm-hmm yeah. Oka Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh well, just to to wrap up quickly on this this little section Have I just lost Oh no. Um, uh do you think maybe that's the only kind of uh essential requirements, and then maybe just things that would be nice if it could do would be things like audio set up and display set up and things like that, maybe like a mute button, that sort of thing. Any of you anything to add to that at all? No. Okay, right. Um okay, if we can move on to next presentation then please. Um Do you wanna Probably not, actually. Yeah. bit complicated. It'd be nice if everything was wireless, wouldn't it? Right. Oh, like overlap between what you said? Oh well, for all you know that that'll happen. Mm hard to know what where your role ends, yeah. Okay. Uh pr yeah, press function and F_ eight, yeah. Mm. Yeah, you wanna Oh oh here we go. There you go. Um Okay. Right. Can you um Right, okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Repetitive strain injury. Mm-hmm. Okay. So want something that looks good and is easy to use, big priorities. Okay. Mm. So it you wanna group all the different kind of types of functions together, you know. That's I think it's a good idea. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Well, um one of the things that we have to decide on by the end of the meeting is who we're gonna be um who's our our target audience, our target market. Um, so if we want something that that looks good and is easy to use, but has y is fairly powerful product, whatever, who do we really want to aim that at? I mean Yeah, who wou who would have the money to spend. Well i if if like twenty five Euro is our is our selling price then you can imagine, well I don't I'm not really sure how much that will retail at. But you want it's somebody who's not gonna just use the remote that comes with their telly, I suppose, they're gonna actually go out and buy one. So, who do you think we're aiming this at? It's about sixteen, seventeen pounds, I think. Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay Okay. Yeah, so do you think we're we're aiming at a fairly young market then? Yeah, okay. Um do you think then uh voice recognition is something we should really seriously consider? What what do you think, Craig? N yeah. I think we are gonna have to narrow it down, to say let's target these people and give them what they want and 'cause you know, there needs to be some kind of selling point to it. So um anybody anything there to add Just kind of young professionals, uh th like if we are going to include speech recognition, it's kind of between fifteen and thirty five seems to be like a really high response to that. So we could say that was our target. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay, so fifteen to thirty five, look fairly young. You know, they have bit of expendable income to spend on this sort of thing. Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah. So they'll not sh not shy away from something quite high-tech. That that's that's a good point. Um okay, so um so shall we make the decision uh to include speech recognition if we can. Okay. Why is that? Okay. Where you can activate it and deactivate it? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh okay, well do you wanna um give us your presentation and then then we can I don't know um might have been a good idea to all deliver our presentations and then discuss, but this is this is how we're Yeah, exactly, yeah. Oh it's something that's just occurred to me as well is if we make it um speech reco if we incorporate speech recognition, that's appealing to people um maybe with a physical disability as well. Um. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Really? Do you think maybe we need like further advances in that kind of area until it's worthwhile incorporating it though? Mm. Course not. There you go. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Uh. Well, do you wan do you wanna finish up your your whole presentation then? Are you are you all done? Mm. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh. So this just show how we're kind of modularising the whole thing. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well well a worry that was was expressed in the new requirements was that if we made this too complex it would e it would effect um how long how long it took us to get this to market, so I th suspect it might be a good idea just to restrict our kind of our creative influence on this on the user interface and not worry so much about uh how we transmit it um because I mean it it's tried and tested intra-red, so we could stay with tha Mm-hmm Oh, yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. W Yeah. W Well well we've um In the new requirement spec they said just to focus on the T_V_, so that's what we should do for now I think. Something I was wondering about was the power. Um, is it worth considering like having like a charging unit as opposed to just regular batteries? I mean is that something we really want to go into, do you think, or should we just consider running on regular batteries? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so just stick to to regular Okay. Um, right. So basically the um I'm just gonna just recap uh what I said at the start, was that um the the whole point of this meeting was to f absolutely finalise who we're gonna aim this at, and what exactly the product's gonna do. So um just to recap on Are we all happy about the idea of um aiming the product at um the fifteen to thirty five bracket? Um and also the funct the the actual functions of what it's gonna do. Do you wanna recap on that, Craig? Okay, right. Okay. Yeah, it's as optional functions. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, right. Um, okay well I gotta kind of got five minutes to wrap up now. Um next thing we're doing is having lunch. Whoohoo. Um and then we're gonna have thirty minutes of working on the next stage. Um so I'll be putting the minutes of this uh this meeting into the project documents folder. Um so uh I guess just to just to confirm that we know what we're doing in the next well in the thirty minutes after lunch anyway, um for uh our Industrial Designer, you're gonna be thinking about the components concept. Um User Interface Designer gonna be thinking about our user interface, and marketing you're gonna be thinking about trend watching. Um and you'll all get specific instructions as well. So um I dunno, just just to to ask now if you've got anything else you've thought about while we've been talking. Um, do you wanna start with David. Anything else to say at all? No, okay. Andrew? Yeah, yeah I think that's definitely a good idea. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, so you're gonna have um audio which is gonna be like you know your bass settings and actual volume hi Okay. Okay, and then visual Okay, so brightness, contrast, things like that, and then just actual device things, like what channel you're watching, turning on an off, stuff like that. Okay, um Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um so yeah, I guess just things to think about are you know like the fact it's gotta look good, because of who we're we're, you know, targeting this at. Um something maybe kind of quirky in design maybe. Make it kind of ergonomic kind of to hold, you know, things like that. Um, so I guess I guess that's it. That's the meeting over. Whoohoo.
";The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to consider when designing the remote. The user interface designer presented two existing products and discussed what was wrong with each product. The team discussed how to create a remote which did not include the problems present in the existing products presented by the interface specialist. The marketing expert presented consumer preferences and requirements and the team discussed who their target demographic should be and whether to include speech recognition in their product. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed various options for components and energy sources. The team then discussed features to include in the remote and what they could do to figure out how to categorize them. 
"Yeah. Yeah, sure. It kinda does make sense, doesn't it, because when we get into the end of meeting we're kind of talking about action and design as opposed to background. Everything I have is kinda background. Mm-hmm. Uh that sounds. Sure. Okay. Sure. Yeah, cool. Why don't I get that? Hmm. Okay. Okay. Um alright so c is it function F_ eight? Hmm. Come on. I think it's working. Okay great s so let me just start this. Okay great. So um uh s move on. Uh-huh oh where'd it all go? It's not good. Okay lemme just see where I can find it. This looks more like it. I think I just opened up the template. Sorry about that. Okay alright so let's have a look here. Okay so this was the method that um I've taken. Uh basically what I wanna do here, before we get into it uh too far, is I want to show you all the background information I have that I think we need to acknowledge if we want this to be successful. And uh and then sorta g go through some of the way that I've dealt with that information, and then sort of bring us all together into it to see sorta see how this fits in with the overall vision. Um so I've tried to take a whole lot of market research and summarise it for us, and then ide identify uh trends that are are sort of in sync and are important to our our uh p project plan that we have so far, and then uh initiate a kind of discussion on design options so that it sorta helps us to to narrow in on on aspects that will inform other uh other elements of the of the project. Does that make sense, tha that sort of strategy? I thought that that will impact on the rest of what we do, so that's why I suggested we get in this. Okay so out of um different uh figures and ratings ob uh of people in general, um consumers in general, the number one thing that was found was that uh the br t television remote control, a fancy look and feel, okay, and not, it specified, not a functional look or or feel, uh b f f fancy. Um however, this is where we kinda have to be very, I think, creative about it. Number two was that it be innovative. Okay so that tells me that we have to find a way to be innovative without a adding just unnecessary um sort of functional bits to it. Uh and third priority uh for ease of use, so again that kind of gives us a general picture of how it has to be, um quite user friendly while still having technology. So it I'll just say right away as a bit of a foreshadowing into how we proceed with this in terms of m marketing, is that I think um what we should think about is how the um about how the innovation uh contributes to the look and feel, and not so much to the functionality of it. For example like when you pick it up and push it like it all lights up or something, you know what I mean, like, or it's got something else to it that just seems innovative because obviously the thing that the message here is ease of use. So how do you make innovation make something more more easy to use? Well that's I guess where we're gonna go with this. Okay then there's the other aspect of the back the the market um research I have here is on fashion style, okay, which as we've agreed is a priority. Uh top European fashion trend um that I read about says there's this emerging theme of fruit and vegetables, okay, especially in clothes and furniture. And when I first saw that I thought hmm, well do we want to actually try and think about this trend and how we add something to it, or we get right into it, or we completely steer away from it, do you know what I mean? So my my feeling is that we w do want to observe this trend, but we want to think also about the fact that it sort of has to fit in with something which is not specifically electronics. Um 'cause I think what we're in what we're in is partly sort of home decor, partly something like a computer, um so I think we might wanna be careful about how you know how quickly we create like a remote control in the shape of an apple or something, I think that would be pushing it. And then in terms of m material trends are for things to be soft and spongy and sort of, you might say ergonomic or or friendly to handle, which is which also in indicated that last year this was this was not the case. So um probably a lot of the competition on the market will be still in last year's mode, so if we try and really capitalise on that, I think that'll be in our favour. Um So these this is the summary of everything. Um style is number one uh thing in the in the market of who we're selling to. Uh innovative design technology's also a must in that it's seen it'd be seen to be uh cutting edge, uh but ease of use t has to be insured throughout. That was like the number three thing. And then at the end there are vibrant natural colours um that's the way I interpreted it anyway, softness in materials, shape, and function, and so I've written at written at the bottom to give us sort of a context of discussion, Mac iPods, something which is, I'd have to say very high-tech, ten gigabytes, whatever, but when you hold it in your hand there's like no buttons. You know what a Mac iPod is? I'm thinking however Mac iPod is sort of last year's because it's very hard and sort of glassy and glossy, so I'm thinking if we imagine that we're taking some of the features of a Mac iPod and we're then making it s more of like a more of like a comfortable type of or more of like a maybe more vibrant to friendly thing to have. Um and then so this is w with all that information what I'm what I'm suggesting in this slide here is that we we take these ideas, and as we get into more the more um techni like sort of production side of things, that we think about shape, materials, and themes or series that go throughout. Sort of like a I dunno like um we think of some kind of a thin theme that unifies it all, that we agree on, uh sorta like a marketing identity. Um Does that make sense? Yeah. So so like I threw out a few ideas there just to kinda get us thinking along those lines like lemon, lime, I dunno, green colours, pe whatever, it's just an idea, 'cause I'm thinking that some of these ideas will seem quite coherent if we use them in terms of their what people associate this them with in terms of texture, shape, colours, things like that. Like um the ones the ones which I'm most fond of in terms of giving like a theme to it would be like um like lemon or something like that, you know something which is, like you see a lot in in other areas. Like I see lots of websites and things that seem to associate with like lemon and lime and So anyway it's just just an idea. I'm thinking maybe we could incorporate some of these features into a fairly um into something which is which seems to have something to it which is almost gimmicky because like um like something to do with like lighting within it. Like you know just within the simple sense, when you pick up a phone and touch a button it uh lights up, q usually the buttons light up. How can we build on that? Maybe like it could light up in different colours or something or or people could buy the buy the control and then it comes with different like covers or something so. Anyway those are that's all I have, but uh hopefully we can we can revisit those ideas when we get into Yep. Did you press F_ eight? Yeah. Okay, do we have a corporate colour scheme? I didn't know. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Great. Lots of good information there. It's a shame the cable wasn't just in the middle of the table, huh? Just um It takes a second, doesn't it? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. They're standard, aren't they? Yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. No. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It can't be curved. Okay. Uh question on can I ask a question? Okay. Can we uh power a light in this? Can we get a strong enough battery to power a light? Okay. So maybe one of the things we can just try and include is a really good battery. Well I mean I'm thinking it might be That for uh this to be a high-tech thing it's gonna have to have something high-tech about it and that's gonna take battery power, and to make that to make that a realistic goal I think one of the issues that will come up later is, can the battery power it? Illuminate the buttons. Yeah it glows. Well m I'm thinking along the lines of you're you're in the dark watching a D_V_D_ and you um you find the thing in the dark and you go like this, and that's what everybody does. Oh where's the volume button in the dark, and uh y you just touch it, or you just pick it up, and it lights up or something. Like a phone, yeah yeah. Whereas with phones, people charge them once a week. We're gonna need to put in a really good battery so people don't have to charge their r remote control every few days. But are people gonna wanna shake their movie controller? Right. Sure. Okay. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay, great. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. What's that? Yeah. Okay. Well I mean I'm thinking that what we need to do is have something that kind of unifies a lot of the different concepts, and if we think that what we are w our number one marketing motive is um the look and feel. So for the look and feel to seem coherent and not just sorta bits and bits and pieces of of concept and technology or or whatever or fashion, then we should have it kind of come back to one thing that we kind of all sorta can visualize. Um maybe what we could do is t th think about a concept which touches b back to the on the um the colour, you said company colour yellow. I mean if we think of something, like I was saying also lime and lemon you know, what can we come up with something where we we try and associate it with with like the series. We just come up with something like that we kind of use it as a theme to inspire the shapes and things. Yeah. Yeah. No no no not at all. It's more more just that we we think about like what it is we're trying to achieve, so and then we have one one sorta theme that we stick with. Do you know what I mean? Right, sure. Yeah. Um can we yeah like to and wha like do you have a Can you like yeah just t we can visualize it. Okay. Okay. Yep. Mm. What would it achieve? Well L_C_ well I'd when you used to mention the L_C_D_ I'd think I wonder what that would be about. And the th the thing I could see it helping with would be if it was somehow connected with um listings. So as you scroll through, 'cause we said we might have a jog dial, so as you scroll through your stations you can y it actually tells you what it is. Right, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm not real Mm-hmm. No. Mm mm. Well i I was just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Um I've had kinetic things before, and the the the one issue we need to keep in mind with them is that you're committing the user to moving it, and watches yeah Sure, okay, right, okay. Support for it. I mean just it's just worth pointing out because like I've I've known I've known people to have kinetic watches that they wear all the time, and it's just like magic because it's always powered and there's no battery. I've also known people to have things like like a jewellery watch they wear from time to time, and they eventually just say it's just too much of a nuisance because I don't wear it all the time. Like remote control is similar, you're away on vacation, I dunno whatever, you something, and it just starts to get worn down. So we should think about Yeah. Yep. And this size here, I'd suggest this be small, like quite small. Um just a a lot of the um I mean one of the things running through my mind right now, I realise we're being efficient to wrap up the meeting and have lots of decisions made, um but we are leaning quite a bit to the side of being low-tech, rubber buttons plastic frame, it's almost like we're reproducing the same old remote control that's out there. Should we think about how we are actually getting this high-tech user friendly uh um theme like what is it that we're u we're using to to achieve those goals? Like Okay so so backlighting, that would be good. Yeah clear, that'd be Okay. Yeah sure. Yeah that'd be really good. Yeah. Sure. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Sure. Yeah they they emanate a light through it. 'Kay. Yeah, mm-hmm. Um and then the other thing that we we're s we've committed ourselves to achieving is simplicity, and so I'm thinking maybe should we try and think about having something like um some kind of an innovative concept about how the um the volume and the channels are controlled, 'cause that's the main thing people will f wanna do. Could we use like a jog dial, like a nice just sort of round, somewhere on it where you just roll it? Or Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well why don't we do it like a mouse then? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Mm. Yeah. But that's not a bad thing is it? Because when you think about it, the alternative is to go push the button. Jog dials are much easier than that. You just roll. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah like I mean if we if if we keep coming back to this board here, I wouldn't be surprised if we could take this idea, imagine that, I dunno, that it's within the shape of the hand, it's quite small I dunno. Yeah. It's small, and that we've got like the the l slogan somewhere like on the casing at the side, and that yeah well I mean isn't that what we just h said said we s just have to decide now? Yeah. And then like a jo And then like a jog dial somewhere that fits in with the shape of it like I dunno like here, in with the It would get bumped, it's doesn't really fit with your hand. Yeah. Or maybe just fit it in like down the middle here. A jog di Yeah. It's kind of yeah Yeah. Huh. Um Yeah I think the jog dial, you know it just after you drew that, what if it was flat and you just spun it, that'd be great. Yeah. Yep. Sure, yeah, yeah and materials we sorta said we'd do plastic and rubber, didn't we, and I think maybe we should try and stay away from just the big protruding rubber buttons, 'cause that'd just be so standard. Something a bit more flush, yeah, or maybe have rubber incorporated into the case as well, so that it has and also t plastic I've seen can get really textured, so you can get plastics that actually feel soft in your hand. They feel kind of like um, you get pens now and then that you'd think that they were rubber but they're not, they're actually just plastic that's textured, kind of a little bit like Okay. Okay.
Is it working? And so think of this concept. Um to research it I've um had a look on the the homepage again. It's provided me with more examples of um previously existing c remote controls. Um there's a wee bit of discussion about the other existing ones there, um so I've taken the um suggestions from them and tried to incorporate them into this um So then this we're looking for um suggestions on size th um size of control and the buttons, um the shape of the control, and whereabout the buttons should be located on the control. Um what I found from the research is that most the current controls are just basically big bricks with loads of buttons all over them. Um they're not very attractive to look at, and they're not very comfortable to hold, they're I just hold 'em like big bricks, and they're very easily lost. Um they tend to be very dark colours, so if there are shadowy places down the side of couches you can't really see them. Um the the controls themselves tend to use a very inconsistent colour scheme. Um for instance, the stand-by button isn't always red, uh it really should be. It's uh something the user then uh identify with. This is a red switch off, that's how it should be. Um I'm not sure if there's any other examples of that, but something to look out for. Um there's a problem that I've I've got couple of preferences for the the end control um I get 'em with the the red colour button for stand-by and s the other examples of that um The buttons should be large. They shouldn't be tiny little things like you get on some mobile phones. They should be easy to press, very comfortable. Um one of the examples given on the homepage was um there's an up and down volume button but both of them have a V_ on them, so the up volume button looks like it should be a down volume button, that's kinda confusing. Um should avoid s things like that. Um if the the corporate colour scheme allows it we should have a very bright colour so that it can be easily identified anywhere. Um obviously trying trying to avoid being tacky there, but it could um tie-in very easily with your your lime and lemon idea. Fantastic. Um any extra features we add beyond the basic ones should be m hidden, they shouldn't be on the um shouldn't be visible without something be opened or some sort of special extra effort. Um if we did decide to go for voice activation there sh should always be a button as alternative, possibly hidden in the the opened up section um making that something is wrong with it or with somebody's voice, maybe they got a cold or Um we should definitely avoid the big square block look. That's just wrong. And um we got an email uh from I think it's the the research department, and they've said th the voice control um can now talk back if you ask it a question. So it sh it could be good to have them um confirm any action you take and possibility. Right and these are problems I've had with it. Um I don't know where the slogan should go, or really what the slogan is. I think it's um, fashion into electronics. And we don't know how flexible the colour scheme is. I mean you say you wanted the the corporate colours, but they don't say you know if we can use any other colours at all or That's it. I think I'm cool. Right. Right. Um I think we could go for like um maybe not a p a fruit shape but a very sort of curvy type shape. Um you could have the same sort of texture and colour as a fruit. Um probably something that s sits in your hand comfortably, sort of feels right in your hand. See I'm I'd quite like a sort of uh snowman type shape. Um so a p sort of larger bit sits in your hand, and then you got maybe another bubble at the top for just any other function you need. Um something like that um you got two groups there um maybe it could fold up and you get a third group inside or uh you have volume controls about there. So I reckon it'd look quite nice if we just had um this here, had a sorta background yellow, and then have sort of a nice bold colour for the buttons. I think that might scare me. I think that'd probably scare me. You turn it on your control possessed s. Um Nah. Um well I think the advanced ones the the ones you don't usually use could be hid inside. B um I think the we had were fairly basic ones, they'd have to go on the the front somewhere. Um Yeah I think so yeah. Mm. Well, but then for um for skipping a large amount of channels you do have to uh to skip the channel button, the number part. Uh but Yeah. Mm.
Okay. Okay, well Okay. Okay we all ready to go? Well how um on the in this meeting then if we um I'll just just recap on the minutes from the last meeting. And we uh decided on decided on our our target group being fifteen to thirty five, and we decided that it was gonna be non-rechargeable battery-powered, that we're gonna group our audio-visual and other functions into into those categories, um. And I told you guys about the three new requirements about ignoring teletext, ignoring everything except the T_V_, and trying to incorporate the the uh corporate colour and slogan. Um so that was the last meeting. Is there anything have I forgotten anything? Is that everything? Okay. Um so if we have the three presentations, and then if you have anything to kind of that you know you're gonna want to discuss, maybe just make a note of it, and we'll have all the discussion at the end. That might be a better idea this time. And so if we start off uh with Andrew and then Craig and then David, if that's alright. Um and then after that we'll have to make some decisions about stuff, right. So if you wanna take this. Screwed in quite tightly. Uh what did uh how did we leave it with speech recognition now? We did we say we were gonna try maybe incorporate it but we hadn't made a definite decision on that? Right. Oh I should also point out that um the you know the kind of final objective of this meeting is to reach a decision on the concepts of the product. So um that's kind of the end result hopefully. Uh-huh. Hopefully appear in a wee second. Up there we go. Oh no. Oh right. Here we go. Okay. Mm-hmm. Aye a fair point definitely. Okay. Aye right. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay okay. Mm-hmm. Mm that's true, yeah. Mm 'kay. Great. Okay. Yeah. Ah. Okay. That's great. Uh-huh. Okay great. Um thank you for that. Uh Craig do you wanna uh plug yours in then? Mm. Not quite. Oh something coming now, yeah. There we go. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. I think it's yellow because like the website is yellow and there's a band at the bottom is yellow, so yellow, lemon, you know definitely food for thought there, but keep going and we'll discuss it after. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Mm. Aye that's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah that that was very good, and uh now with David. I know it'd be handy, wouldn't it. Do y do you wanna sit in the the line of sight of this um Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. We you couldn't have like plastic and rubber? Yeah. Mm 'kay. Okay. Mm-hmm. I'll clear one of these things for you. Just by moving it yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. W yeah. Uh yeah yeah, I see. Yeah. I know what you mean yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Right. Okay. Right can I Yeah well yeah it's just I'm quite keen to get the discussion going with the time we've left so but yeah you c ask away. Mm. Why what kind of light do you want are you thinking of? Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Like a phone yeah, like the backlight in a phone. Okay cool. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Right okay um well let's just go right back to the marketing ideas for a start, and just giving an id idea on the time, we've got about fifteen minutes to play with at most. So um yeah so just t to bear in mind that the ultimate goal of this meeting is to reach an decision on the the the concepts of the product. So back to your idea about um incorporating the idea of like fruit and veg, and the corporate colour, and things like that. Um I mean what does everybody think about Does anybody have any ideas of about how we can fit all that in together? I mean that's kind of the user interface type of thing, what are your thoughts on that? So maybe do y are we thinking something that like s could sit in your hand comfortably, or do you th you'd hold onto comfortably or So something quite curvy? Okay um right okay. Colour-wise I mean you made a re uh was it you or uh I can't remember who made the point about how if you've a nice bright colour you'll not lose it, was that Whose about how if you have a bright colour you'll not lose it so much. Um and when the corporate colour is yellow, I mean maybe we could think about about the colour of the whole product being yellow I don't know. Um And then obviously the uh the materials when it has anybody got like an overall picture in their mind about what what might work? That's all. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Oh you know like in circular in shape or Choice of material yeah. 'Cause I I I was kinda thinking about as well you know how you get these shock resistant mobile phones, and they're plastic but then also have like rubber on the outside, and it kinda feels it feels kind of warmer to the touch. It feels a bit more comfortable, and maybe we could incorporate plastic and rubber into it. And then then we could have curved shapes, 'cause wood or titanium, yeah, it's gonna have to be boxy and rectangular and I think we might be moving away from that you know so um Well I'm do we really want it in like the shape of a lemon or no I don't think we do either. Okay right well um so thoughts about the actual shape of the thing. A snowman shape? Uh-huh. That's quite a distinctive shape, that would be good wouldn't it. Yeah so yeah should we go with that? Do you wanna draw it on the board? Ooh that'd be good. Mm-hmm. So call it the snowman-shape trademark. Yeah that's cool. Um and I mean colour-wise what does everybody think? I think it is quite important to get yellow in there somewhere. I mean do you want the whole thing yellow, maybe like yellow and white do you want something Uh-huh. Okay cool. Um and also I mean how are we going to incorporate the slogan in? The fact that it talks to you, I mean it might be quite cool if when you first start using it it says, what is it, putting fashion into electronics or something, I dunno. Or when you like or if you turn it off or something if it can speak if it could actually say the slogan it might be a bit more powerful than just having it written on it somewhere. I d I d any thoughts on that at all? I know. Um unless an a I mean if you also would that work if we wanted to incorporate um an L_C_D_ display, where would we put that? Would we put that on the inside or It's bound to increase the cost of it a lot, I would've thought. Yeah. Mm oh yeah that's true. Yeah. So so no need for an L_C_D_ display? I think that would make it very complex. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if there is really, no um I would say no need for a talk-back. Uh does anybody disagree with that? No? Easy. Okay um right so you're gonna have the three different sets of of functionalities, um I mean do you wanna group them into s head of the snowman, body of the snowman, inside of the snowman, is that what you're thinking? Okay. Okay right um what else do you need to talk about? So I'm just gonna um pop this in here 'cause I have a slide about decision making which I'd forgotten about. Oh sh God we've got five minutes um okay uh back we go. Um energy what do you think that's suggesting we're how we're powering the thing? I really like the idea of this kinetic thing where you'd have the back-up of the battery, but have have kinetic power, I mean what does anybody think about that? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I suppose that if you're if you're away and you're not using it, then you're not using any power either. So you'd have the battery as the kind of to keep it ticking over idea I'm really sorry we're gonna have to wrap up quite quickly, we don't have as much time as I thought. Um so I think that's what energy is referring to here. Chip on print, is that that's an industrial design thing, is it David? Okay um as for the case, kind of discussed that Yeah I know we're gonna have like rubber buttons that feel kind of Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Could have things like backlighting the buttons and stuff like that. Aye that would be a good idea. S so like cur slightly transparent case, so it's yellow, like tinted yellow, but you can maybe see through it. Is that what you mean? Okay. Lights. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah if you are holding it in your hand you could you could do that, couldn't you? If you're holding it in your hand you could Do you think? Okay. Mm. Yeah okay okay um Yeah. Okay. Okay. Just Okay um right well wouldn't it we do need to make a decision on whether we want to incorporate a jog dial in nice and quickly. Um I'm all for them actually, I think they're quite you know th very quick to m to use. So does anybody oppose the idea of of incorporating one into the design at all? No. And the other thing was um can we think of any way of getting the slogan into this thing? Uh-huh. Uh-huh ooh okay, we really gotta wrap up so yeah. Okay well if we can do that, great. Yeah okay. Yeah let's let's try and get the slogan on there um, and Mm. Okay. Right I'm gonna have to I'm really gonna have to hurry you on here 'cause we're we're actually over time. Um is there anything anybody's unsure about? Just for in closing just the next meeting's gonna be in thirty minutes, and so you can see in the screen here what each of you are gonna hopefully be doing, uh I know that the designers are gonna be working with Play-doh on that. So um that'll be that'll be good. Um and I'll get the the minutes up as soon as possible. Anything at all you think we haven't discussed that we need to? Is everybody kind of happy about what they're gonna be doing? Okay. That's kind of a design thing that you guys can can discuss, yeah. Okay. Yeah. To make something flush with the case? Okay right. Okay. Sp kinda grippy? Okay. Okay I'm gonna have to I'm gonna have to call this to a close 'cause we're way over time. So um that's really good, like we've s had much to talk about that um pretty much run out of time to do so. So off you go and design stuff wooh. Yeah quite jealous actually.
'S to do now is to decide how to fulfil what your stuff is, so in that sense so it does kind of make sense, yeah. Yep. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. No. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. It's probably not sending. Yeah. Yep, there it is. And the Play-Doh 's yellow. Cool. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay um. Oops. Yeah okay. Let me just get this going first. Ah there it is. 'Kay, that should be it. Okay um I guess the same thing again, I started with something very basic. So just so you guys have some idea of what's involved in my process, um and then you can just work through it and we 'll either modify it or start from scratch um depending on what your needs are. Um the components are exactly the same. Um I think, like what you guys said, um the most input that's needed is basically in the user interface. The rest of the components um they do have an impact in terms of cost and complexity. Um like you said time to market was a problem, um and how many components are physically in there in cost. And the power is basically a factor of that. Um and the lower components, the power, the logic, the transmitter, and the infrared, um they affect you in terms of the size of your device, um and that would have some inte impact on how y I think more how you hold rather than um the actual use using the the remote control because um like we've said we've defined, like we only want the basic things that to be visible, and the rest of them we try to hide. So um you know it's just a matter of working out space. So I guess three things, um cost, um complexity, and the size. These are the three things that um will have an impact on you. So just go through it in the components. Um these are the options that are available to you, um I'm not very sure about the voice thing 'cause I got another email and it was in fact quite sketchy on what n the voice options are. Um it said it could talk to you, but it never said anything about being able to listen. I it said something about a sensor but never clarified that. So maybe if you well I could see the other email that they sent you, um 'cause they got back to me with like different requirements, or different offerings of what components availa Okay so your basic components are buttons, okay and you have a wheel available, like a mouse scroll wheel, okay there's an L_C_D_ display, um I think these are quite standard things. No um they're well in the sense that these are all the options available for you. I'll explain to you the complexity and the cost thing again a bit later. Okay um then there's um how the case actually looks. It can actually be flat or it can be curved, um and then the different types of materials that you can use, um I don't think you can use them in a combination, um but um I could check back for you, but I don't think you can actually use them in a combination. Um I think plastic and rubber would be fine, but plastic, rubber, and wood, I wasn't I'm not very sure about the titanium. They had some restrictions on using the rubber and the titanium. Um the rubber was a restriction on the kind of power source you could use, but the titanium had a different kind of things on the shape of the thing, so I think that there is some restriction on um I think you could probably group plastic and rubber together, wood and titanium, but you know it might be easier from a cost perspective and a complexity just to use one. You know as opposed to two. Um and the other components are logic chips, um again I'll I'll go back to the component chips. The com how complex or how easy the logic is, it depends on how many functions you have on the on the unit um and that impacts cost. Um I don't think the logic chip has a issue about size 'cause they should be about the same size. Power consumption should be about the same. Um I think the main impact is complexity, um and the other thing is um the power options. Um the first one is a standard battery. Okay the second one I think is more of a gimmick then actually a useable thing, it's a wind-up you know, a crank. Yeah but that that might be something I think that's more of a look and feel decision because I don't think you can have one power source if you're using the alternative power sources. I think whatever it is you still need a battery 'cause I don't think anybody wants to keep doing one thing. Okay the other ones are a solar powered cell, which may not be a great idea in Europe or any country that has seasons 'cause half the year you'd be dead. So like what I said, you probably need like a battery and something else. Um and the kinetic one I guess for me is the most interesting one because it's movement and people like to fiddle with their and it's a nice sales gimmick I think. From a marketing gimmick it it's a technology thing, it's a shake it it doesn't work, shake it, knock it or something. You know you know you have you had those balls, you know those stress balls where you bounce the ball and it and it lights up and it goes, you know that might be a gimmick combined with rubber. You know just to if you get frustrated wi remote control you can throw it, kind of you know just uh you know um so. Um okay my from my role, I don't think that personal preferences but role preferences, I think um something comfortable to hold, um small and slim I guess that's more in the sense of small and slim in terms of comfortable not so small you can't, you know like a phone or something, too small phone. Um and the other thing is from a production point of view um the less components we use and the simpler the components means you reduce your cost and you increase your profit. Um and also the time to market and the complexity of developing designing and debugging it um so. Um okay let me just go back and talk about some of the restrictions. Um The user interface restrictions basically means that if you use more complicated features, like the buttons are standard okay, the L_C_D_ panel and the scroll wheel you need more complicated logic. Um the case okay with a rubber case you can't have the solar panels. Okay with the titanium case, let me just check that um, titanium case can't be curved, it has to be square. Okay um there's no restriction on the plastic, and it can't be curved on the wood. So that's again, I don't think you can use them in a combination, um especially the titanium I I suspect they're very fixed to a particular need. So um mixing them may not be a good idea um yep. That's it. Um I think we could because the L_C_D_ panel requires power, and the L_C_D_ is a form of a light so that Are you thinking are you thinking of of a light in the sense of um a light light, or a light in the sense of it glows kind of you know Frankenstein, it's alive. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um that's why I think the option of the the kinetic thing which basically means as long as you shake it like a watch, like an automatic watch um it's probably sensitive enough when you fiddle it. So you could trigger that to a light, like I said the bouncing ball thing, or you could trigger that to use that to power the light as opposed to so when they pick it up, right, and then that that sorta triggers the glowingness. I think he made that. Is there a particular shape that you're interested in? Like does marketing have any research on does it need to be long? Does it need with a square thing wha Yeah 'cause that will n help narrow down the choice of Like fruit. I'm thinking fruits in my head, but that's tacky. Do we need an L_C_D_ display? What what's the functionality of that? Yeah but the question is what are we using it what would we what would we achieve from it? Putting in lights is cheap but putting in an L_C_D_ panel just to make it glow is a bit of a Mm-hmm. I think that will be a problem because we don't have an input device to get the listings into it, so um it's a bit nuts to get the Monday Tuesday Wednesday you know. Um I I'm not saying there's no need for an L_C_D_ display, but um it's what's what what would it tell the user, 'cause the L_C_D_ tends to be an output as uh as opposed to an input so um does the remote control need to talk back to the user? We have the option of the speaker as well the sa the same thing goes for the speaker, is there a need for the remote control to to talk back? Um You could put a game on it. When the T_V_ dies you can play with the remote control. Where would you physically position the buttons? Um I think that that has some impact on on on many things. Um maybe you wanna draw onto the Yep. No, like I said we have a h hybrid kind of thing, so it's not gonna charge the battery, it's just Yeah. Yep. Yes yes. Or even a clear case. Um you know a a glowing a a glowing yellow type case where the yellow is showable, but in the dark it sort of, it's alive. Um in in a slight subtle way. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Or or there might be a light running through it like a mouse. You know you have cordless mice and they don't eat that much power right. So the power the battery in that sense, maybe you have one or two stratig strategically placed lights that sort of Yeah but because the case is transparent so it gives it a little bit of a glow, doesn't make it freaky. The question is when you're rolling it, how do you wanna roll it? Do you want 'em to roll it like that? Do you want 'em to roll it like that? 'Cause in a mouse your hand's in a position to roll it, whereas the other thing about having it jog dial this way, it tends to get moved accidentally. That's a very unnatural motion to yeah. Can you imagine you have to scroll a lot. Um it might work for volume, and maybe some of the brightness controls and stuff like that, but not for channels right. If you have a Telewest box you've got like, you don't have to buy all the channels, you've about fifty channels, can you imagine trying to. Um and I don't think having that you know too quick too slow kin it's confusing to the I dunno. But users tend to tend to want to use that and once they lose out on the user experience they're like Because that's becomes the most accessible thing in front of Yeah. So you wanna expand the shape of the That that might have one problem in terms of um in terms of whether you're left handed or you're right handed you might be locking yourself in. Could I just could I just jump in and suggest something quickly? Um I think one thing would be the jog dial 'cause that's gonna have quite a big impact on the thing um Yeah that's what I was thinking the a slide, because then you you don't have to put the hand. I think incorporating a logo is quite straight forward. There's lots of space for it um Yeah but it's also a a marketing and a function Yeah. Feel like fruit. Fruits kids. No like Yeah yeah. Yeah yeah kinda like that yeah. Play-doh time. You got to choose first. No, we're kidding. Okay, can I just swipe your power cable, I don't think it matters. Okay lemme okay, I'm gonna pull everybody out first and then put in whoever needs to be left. It's you. Argh. This is a real hassle and a oops. I'm gonna take the microphones, 'cause it's too lazy t take them off again. Cool.
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports, stressing the need for a product that has a fancy look and feel, is technologically innovative, is easy to use, and incorporates some aspect of fruit and vegetables in its design. The interface specialist presented research on the appearance of current remotes, concluding that current remotes are generally unappealing in terms of look and usability. The interface specialist presented ideas on how to remedy the unappealing aspects of current remotes in the team's design and also how to incorporate the corporate color scheme into the design. The industrial designer presented options for materials, components, and batteries and discussed the restrictions involved in using certain materials. The team then discussed options for the shape and color scheme of the remote, as well as what components, batteries, and materials to use. 
"No. Ninja Homer, made in Japan. And there isn't uh d it doesn't open up to the advanced functions? So the advanced functions are still hidden from you, but they're hidden in the sense that um they're not in use. Um they're in the L_C_D_ panel and the jog-dial? Okay 'cause The L_C_D_ panel just displays um functionally what you're doing. If you're using an advanced function right, like um c brightness, contrast, whatever, it will just say You know it's like it only has four columns, it's a very simple L_C_D_ like, whereas many the minimum amount we need that the user will automatically know like this is brightness or this is contrast. It might even be one, a bit more complex L_C_D_ panel with pictures like maybe the sun or the, you know, the the symbols of the various functions. That's a number pad. Um they're al along this Yeah. You have this space here, and then you have this thing on the side as well, or at the bottom. 'Cause slogans are usually quite small, right, they're not like huge so they're s Say a button's about say a button's about this size, right, so you would still have plenty of space for a slogan, say even for that. Yep so that would be about a centimetre for a button, so one two three four centimetres. Plus maybe half o five six seven eight, about yeah nine total. Nine, ten. Yep. Excuse me. Sure. Oh we've discussed how h high it is, but how wide is it? No as in the height, but what about the width? Do we need five? I don't think five is be about th three and a half. Yeah, yeah. Okay things like um brightness, contrast, um maybe tuning the channels. Um. What else? Um the various inputs. Are you having a V_C_R_, are you having you know which input do you have? Um. Yep, colour, sharpness. Um a lot of these things will have to be um free and open for users to define them. Audio, we have like your basic y your base, your mid-range, your high range. Um. Yep, left-right balance, um maybe even pre-programmed sound modes, like um the user could determine like a series of sound modes, and then what could happen would be um when you click on that then it would go to that setting. Yeah. The battery. No. Um. We need an Yep. Yeah advanced chip. We need an advanced chip I think, yep. Let me just confirm that. Yes I think so. Yep. Yeah. Yep. Plastic. I think we're gonna have to skip the rubber. Um. Yep. For the case itself, one colour. It's one special colour. 'Cause the case unit itself, the rest of our components go on top of it. Yes. One and the L_C_ display. How many We've got push buttons as well. Okay let's just be safe and put like say four buttons for that one. Okay um and maybe a special colour for the buttons, so maybe four again. 'Cause that's one button by its the complexity of twelve buttons. So we're just estimating that yeah it would be less. No. Yep. Yep. How much would that save us? That will only save you one. The other thing could be that um you could take away the L_C_D_ panel and the advanced chip together, um because when you do something on the T_V_, the T_V_ responds and reacts as well, so the user could be looking at the T_V_ and pushing his thing so we may not need to so when we scroll we need just some way to get the T_V_ to respond, which I think is a technically doable thing so Yep. And the advanced chip goes away as well. Regular chip. Yep. So what that means is that um The twelve buttons that you see there. Functionally you're gonna have to intercept So four is a good estimate for Yeah, so you can't actually cut It's like three times the number of buttons, four, eight, twelve. It It needs to be more than one big button because if you open up your phone, underneath there's actually one button underneath, it's just that the panel itself is a single panel. We just report that it has to be over budget, or the colours, you could take away s colours for th for the buttons. Normal coloured buttons. No that's not the button we're talking about. That's the buttons only refer to the pad so Should we take that off uh? Hey it's back to the original. Um so then these just become normal coloured buttons, so that might be some some way of cutting the cost. Yeah. What do you mean by profile? No. We didn't have enough Play-Doh to make it three D_. So there's one more dimension to the thing which we need to to add, and you might want to add in the report, length, width, and height. Yeah. Yeah. Two. This is about this is about two. Slightly more than two, so Okay. I think that's something that's very hard to catch, so you you restrict the number of people who wanna try something. The the look and the colour is something which is cool, but I think that there's also that factor of if it's too unfamiliar then um because when you put it on the shelf Yeah button shape might be a good idea to change, rather than rather than positioning, 'cause I think positioning is we're kinda engrained into the the telephone kind of pad. Maybe we should do the design evaluation first. I don't think you need the power, so No, that's okay that's okay. No, the power cord itself. Yeah, so then you have a bit more freedom to You you still have your blue fingers. You killed a monster. I rate that pretty highly. Yep I'm fine with that. It's one to seven, right? Wait, what's the scale, one to seven, right? Okay, it's upside-down. Say it's more medium, but going towards a little bit higher than medium kind of thing. Yep. Lemon. Okay, the blue the blue colours and don't re don't actually represent the colour, except for the b the the red button, they because for want of a Yeah, the the yellow is more representative of the colour, but the button itself, the blue can be anything else. Yep, that's fine. Yeah, company logo. I think it'll be cost prohibitive, yeah. Yep. The cameras did. Yep. It keeps getting too big. 'Kay I'm I'm listening I'm just trying to incorporate the logo into the the thing, so I'm playing with the Play-Doh as well. Just in case you're wondering, why is he still playing with the Play-Doh? Just about right L_E_G_O_ Lego. You feel like you're caged within whatever y It's like a balloon in a cage, it can only go so big and not hit the side. The constraints do come in very fast. Yeah. I think another point is that the meetings um are more brainstorming sessions than meetings, so time is also a very s um strong factor, and structure. Because for a brainstorming meeting you want a structure that allows you to allows ideas to get tossed, um to be evaluated, and to be reviewed, and to get feedback and come back. And I guess that point about the room not being r very friendly to that, I think that's a very big thing, and I think the fact that we're wearing these things restricts I feel it 'cause I wear m my glasses, right, and that but that irritates me right it it it does actually you know affect how, w whether you feel comfortable to communicate. I feel like I'm hiding behind the equipment, rather than the equipment is helping me, and you know. Not not so much an atmosphere, the atmosphere is very relaxed, but the the gear yeah you know that creates boundaries to that um and and the time the time given also restricts Excuse me. I think controlling is not the right word, I think the interactions are very structured. I think structure is probably what you're saying that, each individual is structured to one particular task, and one parti rather than controlling. I don't think there's a sense of control 'cause all the decisions have been made in terms of a, like a consensus right, we go around and we think about it, but that you know process actually says you have to do it in a certain way. It doesn't tell you, you know, some ways that you might wanna be a bit more creative in terms of the process you know, not the I think you tried to use the common share folder to to to to communicate, but um it just comes back to us so slow in the email um it it doesn't have a, you know, a messenger will go. Yeah. Okay. I think the tools that they were given, the tool set that were given to us are fancy but they don't support collaboration, I think that's the word. They don't support the team working together, you know, they're still very individual tools. We had Play-Doh fun. No, not really. I think um the the focus of it a lot was the PowerPoint as opposed to the to the whiteboard, and I think that m um is also does you know hinder us and things I think. It will be cooler to have the whiteboard rather than the the PowerPoint, or maybe the whiteboard and the PowerPoint in the same place, you know in the centre of the I think that there were too many PowerPoints in the meetings. 'Cause the plug-in and the plugging spent we spent a lot of time doing that. And a lot of the information on the PowerPoints, I don't think, you know, we needed to actually it could have, we could have gone through it verbally, especially my slides, I felt that they just you know as opposed to having to present them. Yep clunky. Agreed. Having to tick it before you go off was a bit hindering as well, 'cause you're half way through a thought, and then you run out of paper and then you have to jump. But I think the pen is v is very intuitive, everybody knows how to use it, we don't have to worry. So I think the pen's good. It's about the best thing. Yeah we only needed one computer and And the computer may not um be conducive to a meeting because um you tend to look at your computer and wanna have the urge to check something, you know, it's useful but I think too many computers are just distracting. Um Yep. And we have Ninja Homer. Ninja Homer. See it looks like Homer Simpson but it's electronic so it's made in Japan. Yeah it's just a logo. Ninja Homer. The the red is supposed to represent the whatever else you wanna print on the side of it. You can wear Homer, you can throw Homer when you're frustrated, doh. It's clunky. Oh, I did learn something new, Play-Doh is useful. No it is it is. It is useful and in in in in in in in um conceptualizing, in being creative. 'Cause like you say, it's something you can put your hands on and feel and touch and get a sense for. Like we were playing with the Play-Doh and the ideas came with the Play-Doh rather than with everything else. You might wanna write that down. It's just, I'm just fiddling with the Play-Doh, and I'm going yeah yeah it's kinda cool. No, all Play-Doh is edible. It's just wheat, it's the stuff that your mom could make with preservatives and uh It's helpful to the creative process. Um it engages all your senses not just your sight, but your sense of feel your sense of touch. And it helps you to understand dimension as well. I think that that's very helpful because it it starts to pop up, whereas on a piece of paper, on a computer, on a board, um even with a three D_ graphic thing it still, it requires a lot of yeah tangible, that's a nice word. It becomes tangible. Nope. I think we could probably do it here as long as we don't collaborate. Can we turn off the microphones?
Okay we all all set? Right. Well this is the uh final detailed design meeting. Um we're gonna discuss the look and feel design, the user interface design, and we're gonna evaluate the product. And the end result of this meeting has to be a decision on the details of this remote control, like absolute final decision, um and then I'm gonna have to specify the final design in the final report. So um just from from last time to recap, we said we were gonna have a snowman shaped remote control with no L_C_D_ display, no need for talk-back, it was hopefully gonna be kinetic power and battery uh with rubber buttons, maybe backlighting the buttons with some internal L_E_D_s to shine through the casing, um hopefully a jog-dial, and incorporating the slogan somewhere as well. Anything I've missed? Okay um so uh if you want to present your prototype go ahead. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. So w what kind of thing uh is gonna be Mm-hmm. Okay cool. Oh right okay. Cool. Where are we gonna have the slogan? Okay cool. Okay. Okay. So if this isn't to scale, what kind of dimensions are you thinking about here? Mm-hmm. Six, seven, eight, nine, ten. So we're talking about ten centimetres. That would be good. So ten centimetres in height. Okay um. Yeah. That's great and it's very bright as well. So um okay. Okay so just could you just list all the things that it does s so I can write them in the report. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay so that's like an okay button, right. Okay. Oh oh like depth of the actual thing. Oh is this k to get an idea of scale from your from your thing there okay. So you can power on and off, what else can you do? Okay. Okay jog-dial for volume. And what else do you do with the jog-dial? Contrast, brightness, yeah, and anything else? Well of the designers what are they? Uh-huh. Okay channel tuning. That's a good one. Okay auxiliary inputs. Sharpness. Okay what about uh sound settings? Uh d can you change any of those at all? Okay. Okay, is there anything else at all it can do? That 'cause that's that's fine. Just need to know so I can write it down. Okay um right I g I guess that's it, so we can now um We can now have a little look at the the Excel sheet and price listing, and see if we need to um if we need to rethink anything at all. So um for this first part here power-wise, have we got battery? Do we have kinetic as well? No. Okay, just battery. And that's because of cost restraints is it? Okay um what about the electronics here? Advanced chip. Okay um the case, what does it mean by single and double, do you know? So we want double-curved? Okay. Um. Is there any rubber at all in the buttons or any Okay, um and we wanted special colours didn't we? So I'll have to put that Oh no wait we ho how many colours have we got there? Just one colour, okay. Okay so interface-wise, is it this third option we have, the two of them there? Okay and then buttons, we have what, two colours? Like uh oh wait so push button and integrated scroll wheel push okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Four. So w why are we arriving at the number four? Where does the number four come from? Okay right, so we're writing down four. Okay. How about these? Are we wanting them in no they're just is everything gonna be plastic? Okay. So we're w w quite far over. Now we're gonna something's gonna have to go. Um we're at sixteen point eight and Well we h something has to go to the tune of two point t three Euro, so let me see, what are we I mean oh yes sorry, four point three. My maths is all out. Yeah. How much would that save us? One. Okay so So w what's our reviewed suggestion? Um take away the L_C_ display? To be replaced with a regular chip. Okay. And so we've got point three to get rid of. Um and we ha where are the four the four push buttons are where exactly now? Twelve buttons. Yeah. Do you think? Like is is that one big button or is it twelve buttons, how can it be something in between? Mm. Okay well we have point three to get rid of somewhere. Mm. No can do. Well do you want colour differentiation here? Oh yeah sorry yeah then. Right so Ah. That's it. Okay, ach that's a shame. Um right, so take away that completely? Ah. And now we're under budget. So we do have point five Euro to play with if we wanted. Um Doesn't say so. Yeah that's a good idea. Just one? Does that mean that one button has a special form or Yeah okay. Well well there we go. So I'm just gonna have to redraw this now. So we're not gonna have the L_C_D_ anymore, and we'll just gonna have an on t on the T_V_ it'll show you what you're doing, which I think is fair enough, and so this is gonna be one big thing here. Um. Right okay. So just to well to be thorough then, width-wise we're looking at about what three centimetres or something? Okay and then so height-wise How how tall do you envisage it being? About that big? About two centimetres, okay. Okay. Ach, that is Yeah. Okay we'll s we'll say two point five. Okay um so we have it within cost anyway. Um so yeah project evaluation is this point. Um. Right uh. Okay so can we close that? This is what it's the final spec that it's gonna be. Someone is gonna have to yeah that's fine that's fine. Okay. Right um. So at this point we uh, let me see, discuss uh how satisfied we all are with um with these four points, with the room for creativity in the project, and leadership and teamwork, and the stuff we had around us I guess. Um, let me see uh Yeah I wasn't really sure what that was Yeah, yeah go for that first. I wasn't entirely sure what uh who was supposed to be doing that, but y you go for it. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh there it is. Mm 'kay. Okay. Well yeah, I mean compared to most remote controls you see that's pretty good. I dunno like a six or something. What does anybody else think? Mm. Mm. Okay. I would say five or six. David? Okay. Oh yes sorry then, then I would say two or three. Yeah. Well it has the wee jog-dial but Mm. I'd go with three or four, maybe three. Yeah about three, okay. Well that's kind of But the yellow, I mean it could be a lemon yellow colour, couldn't it? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well yeah, I mean it's really basic looking isn't it? I mean I'd give that nearly a one. Five? That's really low. Well Yeah I suppose mm 'kay. Yep. Gonna have that on the side, aren't we, like there or something? Out of forty nine, I guess. 'S pretty good. Uh yeah. Twice that, about thirty one. So yeah ab well yeah about sixty nine, seventy percent yeah. It's pretty good. Okay. Nobody saw it, honestly. Is that you all have all finished, or Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Okay, great um are you submitting the the um evaluation criteria or am I? I don't know what your instructions have been. Okay, uh just wondering if I need to include it in the minutes, because if you're submitting it anyway then Okay great. Cool. Um right, uh well next up then, because we've done finance, is the project evaluation. Oh right, okay. Right, okay. Um well do you wanna um just individually say what you think about about these four points and or not those four points, my four points, sorry, forgotten that. You got a different uh Oh yeah, they're good aren't they, yeah. Right okay, um yeah here we are. Uh as a note we'll do this alphabetically. Um do you wanna start Andrew? I don't know, just um your opinion on those four those four points really and how we used them. Yeah. Uh-huh. Well d do you feel though that that you were able to have quite a lot of creative input into the thing? But I don't I don't think it means the room as in this room. I think it means like you know Yeah. Room. Oh yeah. Well I dunno do you th I think it means um I think it means did you feel you were able to give creative input so Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Okay uh do you know what, actually let's take each point and everybody discuss it, I think. Yeah. So still on the topic of room for creativity uh next up is Craig. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. So you think a more relaxed atmosphere would be more kind of conducive to creative thought or Yeah, but actual environment? Okay. Okay. Very good. Um what about leadership? I don't know if that means like, if I did a good job or something. I don't really know. From like your personal coach person and stuff like that, do you think maybe? Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh, okay. So you think maybe a little too controlling or Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay, uh what about teamwork? Yeah. Okay. Mm. Did uh did you guys get the email I sent you? Oh that's alright. I was wondering if that got there okay. Okay, um so um to s to to summarize the teamwork issue, saying that if we could communicate outside the meeting, you know just like quick questions, quick thoughts, whatever, it probably would be bit easier. Oh right, okay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right, uh anything else to say on teamwork at all? Okay, um what about the you know how we used the whiteboard, the digital pens, the projector, stuff like that? Um did anybody think anything was like really useful, anything was pretty un f unsupportive? Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And point at? Yeah. Yeah. Ah. So do you think producing a prototype earlier in the process woulda been a good idea? Yeah. Okay. Alright. Okay uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What about the digital pens, did you find them easy enough to use? Yeah. Clunky, okay. Um Yeah. I know, I think at the very start of today I like wrote a whole load of stuff, didn't click note on one, then went back and wrote one tiny wee thing on the another page, but then did click note, and so I'm quite worried that I've just written over the top of it or something, but they'll have my paper anyway um and haven't done that since. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Do you think the computers just provide distraction in a meeting? Okay. I know I I like to have things written down in front of me actually, like a lot of the stuff that was emailed to me I ended up you know like writing down there or something so I could look at it really quickly and not have the distraction of all of that, um I don't know about anybody else. Um what else uh any wh I do I'm not really sure what they're looking for when they say new ideas found. Um I don't know is could you think of like anything else that would have been helpful today at all? Mm. Yeah if we just had uh Mm-hmm. Yeah I I dunno I think it was quite good that we had time limits on the meetings because they really could have run on and like my experience with meetings is that they really do, and you can spend a lot of time talking about The only thing is though like when we had our meeting about the conceptual design, I thought there maybe another fifteen minutes would have been useful there but um yeah. I really thi i I think maybe if we'd like all been working in the one room, and they just said you know like every hour or something everybody make sure yo you know just have a have a short meeting and then just c just to have like something written down, just like you know a a milestone if you like um rather than having meetings, but There you go. Um so in closing, I haven't got my five minutes to go. Thin Oh there it i Five minutes to go. Wonderful. Okay um are the costs within the budget, yes they are. And is the project evaluated, yes it is. So now celebrate. Well apparently now I write the final report. What are you guys doing now? You dunno? That is lovely. So is that j is that just is that just a logo or does it do anything? Just a logo and then like Ninja Homer, right okay. I think it's quite nice. Oh no, that's cool, it's got I'm kind of I'm slightly gutted that we couldn't get plastic and rubber, I think that would have been nice. Ah well, maybe from now on real reaction should give us more money. Play-Doh s Really? Yeah. Did they? Okay. Play-Doh. Yeah, it smells funny doesn't it. Um Yeah like the stuff for I think it has to be, yeah. Yeah um so to wha what are your summarising words about Play-Doh? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Tangible. Okay uh Mm. I don't know if there's anything else we needed to discuss. That that's about it really. Just sit still I guess for a little while. Um Well I dunno. Um I'm sure the little uh the little thing'll pop up any minute now. Yeah, yeah if the meeting's over then yeah I guess so.
Uh-oh. This is it? Um, there are a few changes we've made. Um, well look at the expense sheet, and uh it turned to be quite a lot expensive to have open up and have lots of buttons and stuff inside, so instead we've um this is gonna be an L_C_D_ screen, um just a a very very basic one, very small um with access to the menu through the the scroll wheel and uh confirm um button. Uh, apart from that, it's just pretty much the same as we discussed last time. You know, just like right inside there. Well we want the other buttons to be big enough to push easily with a finger so we reckon maybe that'll be about the same size as the palm of your hand. Well I'm We're gonna have again the the sort of the foggy um yellow from last time that lit up when you pushed the button. Um But um this button um, because it's red it's sort of very prominent, we're gonna use it as uh it can be the power button if you hold it for maybe two seconds it'll send a stand-by signal. Um apart from that it's gonna be used as a confirm button for the L_C_D_ screen and you use this as a jog-dial. I don't know. Didn't put five centimetres. Um. Something by there. Um you can skip straight to a channel using these buttons. Um, were gonna have the volume control here, but um because we've got the the L_C_D_ and the jog-dial we just thought we'd um use that as the volume. Um you can use it for um more advanced functions like contrast, colour and Um yeah. Um just whatever else we wanted to include as the advanced functions, um we didn't actually go through and specify the Uh what can a T_V_ do? Um. the the balance hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um I think single would just be sort of one sort of oval whereas double is this sort of thing. Um we have um got some push buttons as well. 'Kay. So I reckon we've got one button for this thing 'cause it's just one big sheet of rubber. I'm not sure if that counts but You can see we're we're all very far beyond the Well we could take out ones by making it single curved, just fill in those bits. That is one. That's fair enough, yeah. That's um one piece of rubber but it's gonna have twelve button things underneath so Yeah w Um So I reckon Reckon that probably counts as a special form for the buttons. I think there's just one button so handy. Yeah. You see I envision it as being um quite deep sort of deep enough to be comfy to hold in your hands rather than being wide and flat. Yeah it works, yeah. See, about that thick. Yeah. Is it? Yeah. I'm seeing five then. One's high-ish isn't it? Ah, okay so yeah, two or three. Eight three. Yeah. Yeah one. Yeah I think it's about five. Yeah well we have to use uh plastic so it's probably gonna be I think I'd probably increase the cost. We've only got like what, ten cents left so Yeah. My leg. Um I agree with his point it's um it is quite a lot of fun t to go and then you have sort of hit the end then go right, gotta cut everything out 'cause we don't have enough money. Uh, reckon that was a bit hard because we could only discuss things in the meeting. If we could just go up to somebody outside the meeting and have a quick talk with them, that would've been a lot easier. Not just yet. Yeah. Oh they're a bit clunky. Good point. Yeah. Is this for the project or Oh yeah. Do we know what the other ones are? Oh wow. Hey yeah, I said Ninja Homer. Guess I'd forgot how good s Play-Doh smells. I think they're all non-toxic 'cause it's aimed for like two-year-olds. Yeah it's not very tangible.
Mm 'kay. Where are they? Ah, right. Great. Right. Okay. Right. Right, 'kay. Okay. Mm-hmm, and what is this here? Okay so the number pad is 'Kay, great. Mm. Yep. Looks good. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. About nine in total. That sounds good. Yeah. Yep. That'd be good, in fact a pen is about ten centimetres usually, so that would be that sounds like a really good size, if you see it there. Mm. Is it possible uh I'm just gonna bring up the idea of colours. Is these are these the colours that of production, or is this just what we had available? Right. Mm-hmm. How high is it? Yeah. Okay. Sure. Three and a half. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, probably colour or sharpness. Mm-hmm. Audio. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Mm. Or even clear. Uh how mm-hmm how are we going to achieve this high-end product if We only have very sparse Two point three? Four point three no? And then where is the Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah we could just go with um Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. How about with embossing the logo, isn't that going to cost us some money? Yeah. That's a freebie. Was the goal in your in your prototype design that it be as low profile as possible? Sort of flat as possible. Yeah. Yeah that's what I was thinking, to Sure, okay. Yeah alright yeah fair enough. Okay, just thought I'd ask. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Two's not very high at all though. Maybe a bit higher? Yeah. Maybe closer to three even or two and a half. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um it's probably just I dunno if it's worth getting into, but um just in in that we want this to be stylish, should we think a little bit more out of the box in terms of a button grid, because I've seen there's lots of devices out there that that instead of taking your standard nine nine square grid, and they have it sort of stylized or in different concept that that Yeah. Sure, okay. Yeah, alright. Okay, sure. What about button shape? Square buttons? Okay. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Mm 'kay. Do you want me to d um Do you want me to do my um design evaluation last? Or Evaluation. Okay. Sure. Um, alright so the way this works, I'm gonna need to plug into PowerPoint, I'll try and do it as quick as possible. Um, this is um I'll just go over your head if that's okay. What's that? I don't need the PowerPoint? Oh course, yeah that's true. Let me get that. A bit more. Okay, so what this is is a set-up for us to um uh use a kind of a like a The idea is that I've set up I've reviewed all of the um the points of discussion from the beginning, and used that as a criteria of evaluation for the um uh for the current design uh th or the plan, and uh so we can review that. Uh I think it's gonna end up being sort of elementary because we're sort we're in n we're not gonna probably use it to change anything but Doesn't seem like it's going, does it? Yeah, okay great. Uh and I'm gonna write up our results on the board, so this'll be a way for us to go through and decide if we're um sort of review where we stand with it. Okay, so um So to sort of b bring together two things, sort of design goals and also the market research that we had, uh when we rate this, one is v high in in succeeding or fitting to our original aim and seven is low, okay. So these i these i th are the and um we've been asked to uh to collectively rate this, so what we can do is try and just y work on a consensus system so we just come to an agreement. Okay? So the first one uh, stylish look and feel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah um me uh my only reservation with it was that we basically went with yellow because it's the company's colour, and I don't know if yellow's gonna really be a hit. But What do you guys think? Okay. Okay let's go with five then. Fi oh uh just actually the opposite. The So it meant three, okay. Yeah, one is high. 'Kay Let's go with two point five then. Okay, um control high tech innovation. We had to remove Yeah, so we've had to remove a few of our features we wanted, but jog-dial 's good. Okay, three? Okay, um Style reflects a fruit inspired colour, design. I shouldn't have said colour, but just Sorta. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah, could be. Yeah. Okay. Okay so we'll go two. Yeah? Okay, and um design is simple to use, simple in features. F f yeah f fairly basic, you guys think? Yeah, one? Okay. Um, soft and spongy, have we achieved that? We've used mostly plastic in the end so it's going to be quite a bit of a compromise for price. Five? That's Um could we have used an entirely rubber frame to it? Was that an option? It would cost more than plastic. Okay, logo, we've got it in there, haven't we? Huh. And um it's within budget, yep. It is, isn't it? Okay, so we can say then that uh out of a possible or what would be our goal here? Yeah, out of forty nine with with zero being the highest. We are at uh two, seven, eight, ten, fifteen point five. So it's pretty good. Translates to something like about approximately seventy two percent efficacy of our original goal. Right? I think 'cause if you turn that into a hundred it would be about about thirty one, and then invert that, it's Oh right, about seventy, yeah seventy percent. Okay, good. That was just a little formality for us to go through. Yep, oh hundred pound pen. Sorry alright. No. Hmm. Yeah that's that's me. I did have one other um one other frame I thought, I mean I I d not knowing how we would deal with this information, I thought okay in theory this kind of a process would be about refining our design, revisiting our original goals. It's not something I need to p push through, but I thought should we thinking more about the dimensions, um sort of like more of a three dimensional shapes as well as opposed to just that flat um Could our design involve a series of colours so that it's more of like a line where we have like sort of the, I don't know like the harvest line or the vibrant, I dunno the Whatever just some theme and then we have different tones, lime green, lemon. It's just discussion. I mean obviously we can just abandon this, it's fine. I'm just thinking about what we originally set out to do. Um, yep so there. That's all. Um, I think to record it and uh I haven't been asked to submit it yet. Yeah. I will, yeah. Huh. Yep. I like those printer cables that just have the two little butterfly clips like that. It's really quick. To use. Sure, um so what is it you're asking of me now? Or sort of our work on setting this up. Yeah. Well, is it uh okay I'll just go through your system then. The the room uh is fairly institutional, but um the main thing is, I think um our use of this space is more just to report on things as opposed to be creative and constructive and it would probably help to um have l sort of a cumulative effect of we have ideas and we come back and then the ideas are still in discussion, you know, as in other words this this room is sort of a centre point of creativity, whereas in reality as we've gone through this, it's not really the centre point of creativity, it's more just a d debating Yeah, yeah but that's just the thing is the quest in terms of the the first point there, the room, it feels as though the creativity goes on when we leave, and then we come here and then we kind of put out our ideas and then, you know. Oh, oh right right, oh right okay room for creativ Oh right I just looked up and saw okay whiteboard, digital pens, the room. No, of course, yeah. Sorry. Huh. Yeah. Yeah I th okay on th um yeah dif answering the question uh in those terms I'd say that actually there's sort of a tease of creativity because we're asked to work through this, but actually the guidelines are fairly contrived in terms of um okay fashion trends, say fruit and vegetable colour scheme, but then i then we're told okay use the co company company colours. So what do we do. We're told okay um think in terms of style and look and feel and technology, but build something for twelve and a half pounds, so actually the creativity was more more of like a um a f sort of a f formality then an actual Yeah within the constraints the Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Yeah. New creativity. Yep. Right. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well well I mean my sense on that is sort of what kind of guidance and direction, encouragement Yeah from and you as well I think, just sort of acting as team leader. Um yeah I think I think it's I think it's good. I mean my personal views on on leadership is that effective effective leadership sort of um gives people a certain room for freedom and delegation, but then to come back with something that they take great ownership and you know, innovative thought with. In in reality I think here the the different elements of leadership such as the the original b briefing and then the personal coach and the and then you know having having you with your the meeting agenda is actually quite a quite a quite a con confining framework to work within. And so it is leadership almost to the point of sort of disempowering the the the team member, so But it's not bad leadership, it's just sort of s fairly strong, you know. It turns it turns the individual into more of like a um sort of a predetermined mechanism, as opposed to a sort of a free Yeah, oh yeah, without without a doubt. Yeah maybe not co confining. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yeah. Um did, you wanna comment Craig? Yeah. Yeah. Fully agree. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, got the email. Yeah. Yeah, in it Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, exactly. Yeah, I mean if you Yeah, I mean sort of taking upon that idea, w the way I see this i is that it's uh the the s the structure in which we've we've approached this whole task is quite contrary to the p principle of teamwork because the the tasks were d d sort of um divided, and then the work went on in isolation I I don't know what you guys did while you were together, maybe that was a bit different, but um yeah, but um but actually if you if you imagine not entire the completely same task given to us but us said okay, first thing we have to do is come up with um let's say um a design concept, and we sit here together and do it, well that's what teamwork is. To s to say okay go off and don't talk to each other, it's actually p sort of predisposes you to quite the contrary of teamwork. Um not that we haven't done I think the best we could have done. I'm not dissatisfied with it. Mm-hmm. I think the whiteboard, for me, is the kind of thing I would use all the time, but it's um not quite as useful as to us as it could have been, maybe just in the way that we we use it, in the sense that once we have an idea out there or while work was going on in between meetings, that could have been up on a board uh you know as opposed to in like in text. Um, and then we could then keep our ideas sort of building on that. I know that people who design cars and you know in aviation they quite often just have a simple like fibreglass prototype and it's completely you know um abs abstract from the final product, but they use it as a kind of a context to sort of walk around and puzzle and and point and discuss and and and in a way everybody's as we discuss things in the in theoretically and out of our notebooks, we're just we're actually just each of us discussing something that's in each of our own minds. It wasn't until we had this here, you know, like at one point I peeked across and looked at Craig's paper and I'm like, now I know what he's thinking 'cause I saw his book. But the b the b whiteboard could've actually been this kind of continuing um Think could be, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because the PowerPoint was provided to us while we had time to prepare, whereas I can imagine if I'd been encouraged to use Paintbrush, for example, or whatever, I would've actually used it, um 'ca you know, just 'cause that's sorta how we what we were set up to to use while we had our time. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, not quite. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure, yeah. Yeah. Yep. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And o on the topic of the technology, it just occurred to me that we actually didn't need to move our computers because each computer has all of the files. It just occurred to me that they all We only actually needed one computer. If there had been a fifth, that coulda just been sitting there ready to go the whole time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well, the w main one for me is that uh the process na in a natural f context would not have been interrupted by this necessity to discommunicate ourselves from each other. So, that's kind of a new idea for me is like just sort of that idea, well you know it's kind of s hard to keep f working forward on a team a team based project when when you're told you must now work away from your team. Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Great. So it So now we I I don't know. Hmm. What did you call it? Huh, huh. Logo. Huh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Fashion technology or something. Hmm, hmm, hmm. Hmm. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Huh. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. No, it's true, yeah. Hmm. And some Play-Dohs are actually I think edible aren't they? Wow, hmm. Huh. Yep. Taste. Yeah. Mm-hmm, yep. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Do we retreat to our, to continue our r reporting or what i
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented their prototype and discussed the features the prototype contained. The team then looked at the production costs of the remote and had to decide which features to retain or lose in order to maintain the target cost. In maintaining the target cost, the team had to lose a number of features which they originally wanted, such as a kinetic battery, an LCD display, and various color options. The team then evaluated the prototype on the basis of its appearance, technological innovation, and spongy quality. The prototype did fairly well in the evaluation. The team then conducted an evaluation of the project process. The team felt that their creativity was hindered by the project budget and their inability to discuss the project outside of their meetings and that the structure of the task did not foster teamwork. 
"Okay, well I think we're ready to begin. Right, my name's Adam Duguid, we're here because of real reaction, um, we have in the group Um, yeah, go for it mate. N_ E_ Z_. Ebenezer. And your role is? You're the Marketing Expert, okay. Next we have? T_ R_ I_ K_. And your role in this is? Industrial Designer. And, lastly we have? And you're going to be the User Interface, is it? Designer. Okay. Right. This is the agenda for today's meeting. As you can see, w opening, acquaintance, tool training, project plan discussion, and closing. Um, we already got n through opening, and partially through acquaintance. So, the reason we're here, we're gonna design a new remote control, as you probably all know. The very broad overview is original, trendy, and user-friendly. Course, we'll have to go into a bit more um detail than that, but uh personally I think that the original is gonna be a very key aspect to this design. Um, there's a lot of remote controls out there anyway, so we're gonna need something that's really gonna set it apart. This is how today seems to be going to work. We're gonna have the three kay phases, as you've probably already been told, the functional, architectural, and the detailed design. Um First one's gonna be covering the user requirement spec, technical functions, working design. Second seems to be conceptual components, properties, materials, and the last one is a detailed analysis of our design so far. Of course, you've all got the similar emails, I believe, right. What can I say? Ebenezer, you wanna have a you wanna draw your favourite animal? Brilliantly done. Thank you. Tarik, would you like to have a shot at a bit of artistry? Oh, um, you can clip them to your belt. You should also l um have your the lapel mic on as well. Yep, the, it's just across there, that's it. Yep. Yeah. It'll follow you if you You can probably just stick it in your pocket for now, I wouldn't worry too much. Should have good range. Excellent, thank you very much. Dave, if you'd like to uh have a dash. Cheers. Hardly what I'd call the best drawing in the world but it'll do for now. Also not quite as feared as your average tiger, but uh cats are one of my favourite animals, they're very independent, they're snotty as hell at the best of times, and uh, what can you say, you got to love those qualities in an animal. Right. I think we've all managed to master the whiteboard there by looks of it, so, on to it. Project finance. As you can see, twelve point five Euros per unit. That's not a terrible lot as far as I'm aware, and we're hoping to sell them for twenty five. If we're aiming for fifty million Euros we're gonna have to be selling an awful lot of them. Yep. Well, fifty million, and if you're making twelve point five Euros on each one, then, awful lot need to be sold. Okay. Now we better actually just get on with the uh the meat of the project. So I'm gonna guess that we've all used remote controls. Any ideas of where you think a new remote control could go into this market? Okay. Okay, yeah, tha that's true, with the price range we're looking at, going for a touch screen would probably be possibly out of our yeah. But you think uh again something to control multiple units in uh a simple fashion. Would the the idea something along the lines of, one on button would turn on say the video recorder, the T_V_, maybe the sound system as well, all in one go, is that kind of Okay, that sounds like a a good strong idea. Um Any takes on this? Okay. Okay. Yeah I've heard I've seen the bar-code design before, yeah. Okay, well we're beginning to run out of time now, so, we've got a couple of ideas, we can we'll have to work fast, um, alright as you can see we've got thirty minutes until the next meeting, so we'll have to try and decide on some of the basic functionality, um, how the user interface might work, that'll be a key aspect especially if the idea of um some kind of macros facility because you have to program it, you have to have a lot of response back, or at least some kind. Um And we're gonna maybe n try and have to figure out what the user wants, yes. Um, right. Has anybody got anything they'd like to add at this stage, anything they think that might have been missed so far? I I don't see why not, almost everybody is probably used to a console by now, and all of them incorporate small keypads on them, in fact even the mobile phones these days are beginning to use them as well, so it's probably an interface that most people are used to. Um and that could allow n easy navigation, used as a joystick as well. Okay. So, small, stylish, and something that's just a little different. Okay. That's definitely something that we should be able to do quite easily. I would I would have hoped so anyway. Um, right. I'd say we finish this one up, we get started, I'll get in, I'll write up what we've um kind of quickly done, and I'll get that out to everybody. Yeah? Okay. Um, as far as I'm aware we leave the microphones here, um unless we get told otherwise, and just take the laptops with us.
Oh, Ebenezer Ademesoye. Would you like me to spell that? S Um, N_E_Z_ E_R_. I'm the Marketing Expert. Sure. Whiteboard. 'Kay. S okay. I will make this quick, since we don't have much time. Um. 'Kay, so it's not the best picture in the world. Here we have an elephant. First point, begins with an E_, same like Ebenezer. Also, elephants have a very good memory, much like myself, and I can't remember back when I used to live back in Nigeria, but I think I used to have a pet elephant. So elephants are big, strong and gentle, and they have great memories, and they begin with the letter E_, just like Ebenezer. Thank you. Oh. Oh oh I think you ga The little The the Oh that's good, we can clip them on. Okay. Yeah, there was this microphone as well that you Just um somewhere I think so. Yeah. There you go. Oh, that was profiting, that was an amount, so that's the amount made, okay. Yeah. Oh. 'Kay Well um I've noticed that uh gaming c is becoming quite popular with television, um when I was younger we used to e play games using our cable, using the cable subscribed the cable providers, but our remote controls would get worn out really easily, and the remote control was not a great kind of keyboar, um keypad, for playing games. So perhaps one that was more um specialised for game playing or interactive television. They they've recently brought out this new remote control, for people to set their favourite channels, or um to record things. Instead of people entering in what time things start, you simply stri slide a bar to say what time it begins, and slide another bar to say what time it ends, you know that's Yeah, it's it's taken out the Y you don't have to be uh really clever to use a remote control. I think for gaming, you know you want you want some big buttons for up, down, left and right, shoot. Uh, you wanna be able to change angles in interactive television, so you need buttons to change the television angle, the camera angles and stuff like that. Yeah. What the user wants uh. Okay. Oh. Okay,. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. So..
Tarik Rahman. T_A_R_I_K_. Industrial Designer.. Do we take them off? Oh right, okay. Ah-ha. Now where do I put the Is this supposed to be clipped as well? Uh, destroying your elephant here. Uh, here we have a tiger. Uh I've always loved tigers. They're just they're big, they're biggest cats, uh I did a project on cats in the wild when I was a kid and uh it was my favourite cat, just 'cause it was looks the best, the stripes, orange. My dad used to talk about he's from Bangladesh so he used to tell me all about them when he was when I was a kid. And uh they're just the most feared of of uh animals in the wild. So uh that's why I like them. Didn't say an anything about me really but Mm. 'Kay. Well when you're talking about gaming and stuff, do you think they should have some sort of stick on it, rather than buttons? Like uh control pads, you know of games, but or is that a bit ridiculous? Yeah..
Uh, Dave Cochrane. User Interface Defin Designer, yes. Um Um, the monkey, um. The one f uh in fact this is a somewhat oblique reference in fact to uh well my I have a three uh three y year old daughter who h who who who is affectionately known as Miss Monkey. Um, monkeys have attitude. Which I think is a good thing. And I mean fr and from uh from the point of view of sort of the study of human evolution they and other primates are terribly interesting. Um, so I like monkeys. And and th th th th thi thi this one seems to have perhaps more attitude than most. Well, one thing I'm aware of is, th there uh um at the sort of v very high price end of the market there's there's a em emerging market for sort of touch screen L_C_D_ remotes that can be uh programmed in m much more sophisticated ways than sort of conventional models, so you get the sort of you get um you you can redesign the interface to your own needs, you can programme in macros, and you get a much greater degree um um I mean you get in these sort of three in one, five in one, whatevers, but you can get integration between the different uh the the the diff the different things that it's designed to control, to a much greater extent, and you can have one uh you know one macro to turn the uh you know turn the T_V_ to the right channel, get the uh re uh rewind the tape in the V_C_R_ and get it to play once it's rewound, for instance. Um b it occurs to me there might be a niche for uh for a remote that aimed towards some of that sort of functionality but using a just conventional push button design. And therefore putting it into a um well much lower price bracket. Absolutely prohibitive, yeah. Yeah, I mean I wouldn't like to say you g I mean you get ones that you can switch between multiple units, but something that could um operate between multiple units in a more integrated fashion. Some and ideally something into which it would have some at least limited facility for um running macros. For instance, um let's say oh oh um, or um you know you pr uh you press uh say the play button for the D_V_D_ player and it turns the T_V_ on and onto the right channel as well, um Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The other key feature that uh that would be a good idea built into it is t is is to make something you know fairly sort of ergonomic, something that just fits fits as comfortably as possible into the hand. But of course, uh al al also allows for the possibility of a more sort of slightly unconventional or attractive uh sha shape for it overall,. A curve, mm-hmm. Something sort of sort of sl slightly sort of biomorphic in form, uh which it would need to be to sort of conform to the shape of the hand more efficiently anyway.
";The team members introduced themselves to each other by name and by their roles in the project. The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the animal. The project manager discussed the project finances and selling prices. The team then discussed various features to consider in producing the remote such as gaming options, an LCD screen, and combining functionality so as to control multiple devices. 
"Mm. Okay. Yeah, it's in the it's in the folder yeah. Mm. Okay, this is a brief run through of the um of the technical functions of the remote. As um is uh the the the presentation is uh already slightly obsolete because I had in mind something that would uh be i be aimed at controlling multiple devices but uh there's still stuff of relevance, so press on. I've looked at looked at a num uh couple of other uh remote control models just for an idea of basic design principles. Um and wasn't really satisfied by what I saw I have to say so this is more sort of springboard for uh how these could be improved on. Um um basically the job of the device is to send commands to an appliance, in this case the television set. Um to save you getting off your backside. Um and there's two main trends in th in the sort of design practice. On the one hand and this uh this particularly relates to its sort of earliest models where with you know i so so many buttons on it so about the size of the television set. Um giving you every possible function that the that the device has, the remote control controls. And most of these functions are not going to be used, it creates a rather user unfriendly interface. And on the other hand there's a user focused approach that pares things down to just what what is most likely to get used. Um With uh a and a and of course there is a certain amount of sort of loss of function here obviously, but mostly that's relatively peripheral functions. And so you go for something that's fairly intuitive to use, and um well f the for the most part for T_V_ remote it's uh tha that would be channel control and volume. Um and if you if you if you are wanting to incorporate uh control of a D_V_ D_V_D_ or uh V_C_R_ presumably into that then there's a play, pause, stop, rewind, fast-forward, record, so forth. Um. My own view is that we should definitely be going for a user focused design. Um but uh the pro I think the problem with a lot of the sort of user focused designs that are about is that they sort of make assumptions in advance about what uh what a given user's going to uh want mo want to do from want it to do most. So, something that's uh something that is more programmable, that uh perh perhaps has the full range of functions available to it but you can then specify yourself what you're most likely to want. Um so that those are then immediately accessible through fairly minimal number of controls, um I liked Ebenezer's idea of including a joystick in that and uh possibly a sort of fairly minimal number of sort of function buttons, and have a disp you then have some sort of basic display on it so that if you're um sort of cha changing from different modes for the device it'll tell you just exactly what uh you know each direction of the uh of the um joystick's going to do or wha or what each function button's going to do. Um, this is actually a again slightly taking inspiration off of uh games controllers, you know the Playstation control where you have four basic function buttons that are just marked with um distinctive uh geometrical shapes but the and then dependent on what you're doing with it what game and so on um those uh those functions are then sort of further specified. And so it's taking taking the lead from that. Um. That's it. Mm. Mm. Mm. I I was thinking that the remote the um sort of default functions for the joystick would be up and down for uh volume, left and right for channels. Um I think probably for the first couple of hours of using it um but you know muscle memory's a wonderful thing, um. And I think and I think that size of uh display was about what I had in mind. Um though I mean I w I would say that uh we could probably probably be required to um mo most of the mobile phone displays you see these days are colour but we should probably try to stick to black and white. Si si simply to keep m keep the unit cost down. Um I mean colour could be a sort of subsequent development but uh you know cost a bit of extra money f w w w w w once everyone's got the first, you know, oh colour's out, we'll have to replace it won't we. It does nothing extra. Mm. Mm. Mm. I th the thing I like about the uh the uh joystick is that uh you you you then basically you can then basically put it I mean for for T_ T_ for T_V_ remote alone, you could put um I mean there are like I say the the the main things people do with a T_V_ remote control is the volume and the channel. You can pack all that onto was onto a single control. Um. But uh but the but then o uh obviously if uh you know if you i if you wanted to access further functions i you you then get to sort of menu navigation. I mean with things like ch with things like tuning and channels um you know adjusting brightn uh brightness and fiddly things that no one really bothers with, most T_V_s these days actually have menus anyway so this would be a fairly rational way of integra integrating the uh the remote with the device it's controlling. Um concern about our market. Um, if we are I mean most of the uh of the replacement remote market is sort of remote control rationalisation. Um, you've got twenty different devices in your living room, you want one wo y you want one that'll do the job of all of them. Um, if all you're replacing is one of the you know however many remotes you have in your living room, um you know you still need separate remotes for everything else. I just think that uh possibly mm. Mm. Mm. Does that um would that include um access to say interactive functions on digital or cable? Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Just a thought. Um maybe then our market should be T_V_ manufacturers, rather than the public. Try and sell it t sell it to them to supply with um Mm, yeah, I've seen them. Mm. Yeah, I think that's a good idea. Mm. Mm yeah. Yeah, I think that's Yeah. For volume. Actually how Actually I would say maybe two two function buttons, the y we're now using the menus button and um and an og and an okay button. I mean certainly something I've found with the joystick on mo the joysticks on mobile phones is that a lot of the time th the device mistakes you trying to move it in one direction or the other for pushing down for okay. Or vice versa. And that's really irritating. The o the o the other dis design constraint I think we should bear in mind is that people are you know very much used to using a remote control one handedly, um, so we need to make sure that e even with the joystick, you know something that can just sit comfortably in the palm of the hand and have the joystick just controlled by the thumb. Oh. So so a small speaker you mean. Mm-hmm. Blue ones particularly. Plus that's a nice wee design touch. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Actually one one wee thought about that. Um, if we do end up trying to market this to television manufacturers then the um then the transmitter could actually be built into the television. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You know I think I mean if it w if we get a major television manufacturer to say y oh yeah we'll have that, save us the bother, then that's you know vast amounts of sales. Quite quickly. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I thought the uh the d the double arc could perhaps uh be the uh the enter button..
No on the desktop you'll find you should find that there's a project documents link. A well actually just there. Yeah. That's it. If you dump it in there. Your username. Okay. Excellent. Right. Hopefully that's us ready to uh to go. So. Functional design meeting. We'll have to flesh out some of the uh stuff. Um we'll start with the minutes of the last meeting. Not a lot thankfully to say. We introduced ourselves, discussed the possibility of a macro facility, interac interacting the T_V_ a bit more, um mentioning of bar-code, joystick for user manipulation, um and ergonomics of the remote control as well. Um it's come to my attention the following. Teletext has become outdated due to the populat popularity of the internet. Remote control should only be used for the T_V_. Um due for uh time to market and possibly also cost issues. Um also key is the corporate image should stay recognisable, um f uh your colour and slogan of course is down at the bottom there. Um. Now. Just to say quickly uh I would have thought that only being used for a television the macro facility may now not be required. Um or at l its functionality would have been of limited use. So to the point in my opinion anyway that it might not be worth pursuing. Um if anybody disagrees we can uh definitely say so. Um and hopefully we'll just crack on and we'll get everything going. Um I'd like to if possible hear from our Marketing Expert first, to help us gain an idea of where we're going to go. So um I'll just load up your presentation from here if you want. Yep. Sorry. Uh. Is yours the Oh sorry. Okay, right. Uh if you that's all right. If you do you want me to just cycle through it for you or? Yeah? Okay. Okay. Yep. Okay, yep. Mm-hmm. If you could uh sor if you could speed it up a bit, yeah. If you could uh speed it up a bit please, yeah. Sorry. Cool. Okay. Excellent. Right. Um. Hear from the User Interface Designer now I think might be an idea. Um, you've got your presentation now, is it on the is it? Okay. Technical functions? No. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Right. Um, if we could hear from our Industrial engineer, or Designer. If you look on the desktop you'll find that there's a link to the project folder, or project documents. If you save it in there we can open it up from here. Are you finding it okay or? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh. Yeah. Ah, don't worry about it at all mate. Okay. Well. Oh sorry, I'm I'm interrupting you. Are you is it yeah? Okay. Right. Um, right we can probably skip that for now. So, we've had some stuff put forward, um along with the new user requirements, um we've had a lot of kind of input I'd say so far. Um I hear what the Marketing Expert's saying about um voice activated control. However I've got a couple of worries about that. The power required, um and the ability to the cost, it seems like for uh an embedded system, this could cause us issues. Um for example you see that there's fairly robust services on uh computers via uh via voice, I_B_M_ do um drag and dictate, but these require a lot of memory and usually um state quite advanced processor requirements. Um voice activation could be an interesting idea but I think that our Ind Industrial Designer would probably upon some research say that it's maybe not feasible. Um that's just my view right now, however the idea of a joystick and then maybe an L_C_D_ which has been kind of put forward so far, it's almost like having a small T_ not T_V_ to say, but if you can control almost all of the functionality from the display, I don't know how much power an L_C_D_ would take, but it might be quite low? Well literally um if you can imagine the display maybe slightly larger than um those on a a mobile phone, something where you can read an an um fair amount of information, traverse maybe quite a few menus, if we maybe used mobile phones as a good example, they usually incorporate they have the keypad, and then evr all the other functionality is usually associated inside by traversing around. That could be one possibility. Um and then we could have like say the common buttons as you say, volume control, changing channels We I would agree with you. Mm-hmm. That would be my feeling as well, I think we could possibly create quite a useful user interface. Um now I mean I don't sorry, go for it. I think it could probably be aimed at most people who've used a mobile. And that might be just another way of saying try to target most people. Um, if we are if we were to follow that avenue, we might be s you know um we're kind of almost relying on their experience with a mobile phone I suppose. But that does cover a very large section of the people out there. Um, I mean I imagine as well that the actual L_C_D_ and maybe to a certain extent the joystick as well would be for the additional functionality. Which maybe doesn't get used as often, maybe it makes it easy for them to figure out how to um change the channels as in the frequencies and such for reprogramming it. Um and you can still have the main buttons that allow the people to turn the machine on and off, d up and down, it depends, I mean maybe we have the fol um the joystick as a separate one for the other functions then, that there's just a a small number of as you were saying uh buttons that have already been defined. So like we go for the nice standard um up and down for and volume control. So that literally anybody can come along, pick up the remote and still know what do do. And they can completely ignore most of the functionality which would be for say the o actual owner of the the T_V_ and who would normally use the unit. I dunno. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well this is a requirement that we have to stick to I'm afraid, this isn't one that I've just arbitrarily decided on. So um this is this is one of the solid ones that has to be obeyed, for now. So I can understand your point, and I would agree with you, but this is our design spec for now. 'Fraid to say. Um I would say so, yes, because then we have to be able to control the remote boxes, and that is a separate unit. Um I think that it I would say that the design spec we've been with is for the television only for now. And until we hear otherwise we should go with just that. Okay. Maybe we'll hear differently, but for now It would be ease of manipulation of certain functions, yes. Um There is that possibility, yes. B However I don't know exactly where we'll be going with that, but it might not even be the avenue of the Marketing Expert, that might be sales, who are not in this meeting. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well, something else that you brought up was uh the ability to lose a remote, which as you said you've done, in fact we've probably all done. Um, I don't know if it's a gimmick or not, but have any of you ever seen those odd little key rings where if you whistle, it will beep and you tell you where it is. Um. Well the other option of course is that um the well I was going to say clapping, um Um digital telephones, uh for example, one unit has of course you have to have that base unit, somewhere where there's a button, but maybe it's a button that you attach to the T_V_. Something which you when you press that, it would beep to give its location away, on the remote unit. And that could be something could um separate us a bit. And that way, because we're attaching what would be a small button to the T_V_, again say what, it would be a small transmitter, um watch battery type scenario I would say, or something that if it was problems enough you could actually even just um I don't power that might be something that we could look into. Yep. Yeah, it's uh putting a lot on your shoulders there, so I mean that could be something that separates us a bit from the market as well. So. To go on from here. Um we have to decide exactly what we're going to do with the remote. Before we leave this meeting, it would be best to say this is what we're going this is the design we're gonna try and get, this is how we're gonna make ourselves look unique. Do we go for maybe a remote contro uh sorry, we're gonna go for a remote control obviously, do we go for a small joystick that would operate say changing channels, up and down, and then, what, another button that would say that it's now being used to manoeuvre round the L_C_D_. We could use say the left and right for changing channels and the up and down for volume, and Okay. Mm-hmm. Vol Volume selection okay, yep, the teletext we're gambling with, and we're gonna say it's dead, the way of the dodo So we well, sorry, we could maybe even go as far as saying power button, small joystick, L_C_D_, and then what maybe is it one more button to say that you're using the menu system, and with the possibility of pushing down on the joystick to say okay? So we're having very very few buttons involved, but navigation around a menu for most things. Okay. Okay. Um Okay. So um we're actually that sounds like a rough idea. Do we incorporate the idea of trying to f locate the remote control again via a beeping noise? Do you mind looking? The ability to locate it again. So that would require a um transmitter maybe attached to the T_V_, just so that it says find me, and what, a basically a small microphone um on the actual unit, can maybe hide it in the base. Sorry? Some speaker, sorry, yeah. Um E us we might be better with the sound possibly we could maybe incorporate th e the true fact, considering the cost of an L_E_D_, we could just incorporate it anyway. The L_E_D_s can be surprisingly bright now. Um. So by the sounds of it, with what we're suggesting so far, your design um the user interface is still quite open, you could go for quite an interesting design. Because we're only going to have a very few key and you've got you know a small L_C_D_, joystick, e I think it leaves you open to a a potential wide range of shapes, something that can make it stand out slightly. Um if you could look into what we've suggested so far, the feasibility of um small transmitter, um and such, maybe if an L_C_D_ screen requires too much power, or such. Ebenezer, um, Marketing Expert If, yeah if you could maybe as well see what people think about the idea of this minimalist approach that we've taken, where of a joystick to control the very basic functions, and then the idea of manipulating it like you would a mobile. I don't know how easy that will be within the time frame, but could be something we could maybe look into. Okay. Um any last comments that anybody would like to put forward? Anything that they think has been missed out. Bit of a wide open question there of course. Feel free to email me if you think that uh we've screwed something up and wanna get it rectified as soon as possible. Right. Speaker and L_E_D_ for locating, um, transmitter getting the external power source, yep, that's quite true. Um, and something that we can can easily be adopted at the last minute as well I'd say. The electronics could be s either placed externally or internally, makes no difference to the final product of the actual remote control, so that's good. Uses maybe gives us a new potential market. 'Kay. Oh, one thing that we've almost not talked about at all, my apologies for that, um, user interface, we also need to maybe get the slogan in here, um it's, I'm pointing at my laptop, what in God Real reaction, and such. So um Oh, sorry. My apologies. No it could well be, I've probably missed that. Um, I think that's l almost the last minute thing we can just incorporate into the actual plastic on top. So I'm not too concerned a that we haven't gone into depth about that. But it might be something you could consider when you're thinking about shapes? In fact we might like to put a slogan on, and um possibly the two R_s to signify the company. Rather than real reaction. Sounds good. And I'd say that that's us for now. Okay.
How did where did where did you get all your in information? Oh. Ah, okay. Yeah. Uh, I was still working on stuff, I hadn't got it finished. Um, alright. Click to save in where do I have to save it? Um, what I've done with it, I'm sorry. Shit. Um I'm just closing it now. where I've saved it. that's it there, yeah. Oh right. Uh, right I'm responsible for working design, uh, this is basically the inside going on of the the uh remote control. So we have the energy source, we have the user interface, this this is what I've seen. Uh the sender will push the button, the chip will respond, uh and then the dig digital signal is sent to the T_V_. So uh uh, if you go to next slide, you'll see you'll see uh what do we need on the user interface. Do we need uh many buttons, or do we need l many light bulbs that could be easier to uh to realise which appliances are on or not. Um,, or would that take too much power, would we need more um components in there to supply the power? Um, the joystick is another thing, if we were gonna add that, um, there'd be more components to deal with that. Um, so uh we need to I dunno exactly what That's the design of the the the layout of the uh electronic design, but um obviously there'll be more details once we've decided what we're putting on the user interface. So, that'll be decided, I guess. Uh, and the next slide. Oh, yeah Um, if you go to the next slide then. I just used the it was a mess, uh I was just putting adding it together at the end there. Uh Uh so you have the energy source obviously connected to the chip, and the user interface obviously contains everything. You have the switch turn it on, infrared bulb, uh will contact the T_V_ and will have whatever device or D_V_D_ player, the bulb will turn on to say it's on. Uh, so do we need on the control uh different buttons to decide, or different light bulbs, would it be easier? Um, I dunno what we should decide on that. No, it's finished, yeah. Cost. Mm. L_C_D_ on the remote just telling you what's on, or uh, interactive L_C_D_ or Do you think that people will get mixed up, like, they'll be looking at this screen and that screen and then, you know, trying to get everything working, would it be a bit confusing? Yeah. Yeah We're just saying volume. Should volume be important in the joystick, do you think? Yep. I Yeah, think so. Light bulb as well, no? And a light bulb? No. To flash. No. Nah, you'd see it anyway, if you hear it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So I should just look at um the speaker, the speaker and an L_E_D_. And Yeah, and a transmitter. P Fashion. The slogan is yeah, the slogan's we put the fashion in electronics, isn't it? 'S also look cool.
Just put it on the deskt desktop. Project documents, yeah. What's your username? What's your username and password? Mm-hmm. Sorry. Okay. There we go. 'Kay. Sure. Um, sh would you like to I'll just do it from here. Um, try second one maybe. Try it, yeah maybe. Yeah. Okay. Oh, I thought I put in my last name, I guess not, but. Okay. Oh yeah, that'd be fine, that'd be great. Okay. Functional requirement by me Ebenezer. Okay, so um we did some research, we asked one hundred people their opinions on remote controls. We asked some uh open ended questions, just, what are your opinions on the remote control, got a lot of re responses, and we asked some very specific questions, and we got a lot of good feedback. Please bear in mind this is only a hundred people, so even when the groups are divided into fifteen to twenty five, twenty five to thirty five, there's only maybe ten people fifteen people in each group. Okay. So we got some the bad stuff we got, remotes are often lost. I often lose my remote control, the back of the couch, some place, and even if it's not lost permanently, it takes me a few minutes to find it. Most buttons are not used any more, like you said, teletext is outdated now. I remember trying to load a D_V_D_ player recently, and there were so many buttons, it took me I don't know maybe ten minutes to to go through each button, 'cause you have to press the shift button to access the yellow buttons, you know there's just a lot of stuff that no one really uses. And if they do, not very often. Takes too long to master the remote control. I've seen some remote controls that are big, they have a lot of buttons, you have to hold down more than one key at one time to do something, they're just not great to use. We just got a lot of bad complaints about remote controls, people do not like remote controls. Some of the good stuff we got. Between the age of uh fifteen and twenty five, most people would be willing to pay extra for voice recognition software. Now don't get excited yet, I've got more to say on that. Most people'd be willing to pay for that um most people want remote controls to be pretty, they want it to be fancy, th they they want it to be different, everybody has a white remote control with black buttons, and a red button and a green button, not everybody wants that. Finally, my opinion. The voice recognition thing is cool. And uh voice recognition, the software, open source software exist already. It's a bit sketchy at some times, uh, you're not gonna get good always accurate results, but for a very fixed number of words, you know you have, how many different words can you have for a remote control, up, down, left, right, channel five, channel seven, you know, how many, you can't have that many words. For a fixed vocabulary it works quite well. I'm pretty sure people would buy it. But after a while people may wanna return it, because if you have to to say som I mean most people use a remote control for switching to channels, and they say they do that about ninety eight percent of the time. Using the remote control, ninety eight percent of the time for changing channels, and that's for flickering through channels. So if you have to say up, up, up, up, if you have to do that all the time, then people might get a bit fed up with that and they may return it. However, oh, because the voice recognition software exists already, there's no need to spend money on research and development, but this does mean the need for microphones in the in the remote control, which is an unusual feature in my opinion. But if we do have the voice recognition thing, there's a lot of stuff that you can uh get rid of. See, you could there're two options. Either you have voice recognition by itself, which I think is a bit impractical for like night time if you wanna be watching television and you wanna be quiet, or I don't know you have a visitor coming round and the remote's only trained for you, it's a bit impractical to have just voice recognition by itself. So you can have voice recognition and a regular remote. But imagine you got rid of the regular remote part, then you can design the remote to look any way you want it to look, because there are no restrictions on physical size, or shape, it it could be as fancy as you want it to be, you know, it could be like a lollipop or something like that, something weird like that. As long as the voice recognition stuff works, that's that's fine. So we have the three birds, we have the design, that we have the the fancy bit, right, the voice recognition's fancy, it's cool, it's different, it's radical, so, and then we have an extra bit I don't remember so I'm pretty sure people will buy the remote, but is it practical to have a voice recognition system in a remote control, I think is a big question. Um, will people will people be willing to wait for the the period that it'll take to train the remote, 'cause I think it will the remote will uh get better over time with the same user user, but for the first week or for the first two weeks are you willing to wait, are you willing to have a bad remote control. And uh what if you have visitors come round, they stay the night, they wanna use the T_V_, they can't use the remote because they speak differently to you. Um, how do you account for regional accents and stuff like that. Uh, will people return the remote control, I think a lot of young people will buy the remote control, if they have the money, you know, so, do our audience have the money, but would they return it after a while because it's not as fast as pressing a button, it's not a practical. So. These are things I think we should consider. I think it's cool, I'm sorry? Sure. I'm about to end, yeah. I think it's cool but there are definitely some considerations. So, yeah. There was uh a website, uh, right here. G I started making stuff up, then I got an email saying Mm. Well like if you go to one, uh whichever one you were working yeah, and you just click file save as. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm. I uh Mm-hmm. Mm. Sure but the idea of a remote with a menu or and a joystick I think like I h if I was in the habit of buying remote controls then I would want one, but I think we don't have a specific audience, you know, like what is our target audience, what niche are niche are we trying to market and corner. You know, you know what I'm saying, like, for whom is this intended? Everybody? Most people, yeah. Mm-hmm. Sure. I think that's fair yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Okay, specifically television. So the joystick is just for differentness. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. It's just, the way I figure it, twelve point five Euros per unit, we have to sell at least like three million or something like that, not to account for all the the money we waste on remotes that no one buys, you know, like if we made a perf if we made a ks for every remote we made someone bought it, then we have to sell a lot of remote controls. We just Is this gonna be enough to to sell? Yeah. I had one of those, and my brother, and my dad, could have beat me up because it it went off all the time accidentally. The clapping one. To a television. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. I think so, yeah. But we have a frequency of how what people use a remote control for most. Um, power is used like once per hour, channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight per hour, that's by far the biggest one, and then teletext, is still here, that's like fourteen, and volume selection. No, yeah, okay okay. Yeah, um Mm-hmm. Um, I think because it's so small it might be an uh I mean if we only have like two three buttons it might be essential to have to have that Yeah. Speaker yeah. W those little key-rings have both, so Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I can give you the frequency, what people what options people use most often, I guess that's gonna be important in the ts defining the the software side of the interface, right. You want the stuff. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Sure. Mm. Sure. 'Kay. Yeah. Transmitter.
";The project manager recapped the events of the previous meeting and briefed the team on some new requirements the team must follow when designing the remote. The marketing expert presented research on consumer preferences and user requirements for remotes. The marketing expert also presented information regarding voice recognition and what demographic finds the feature appealing. The user interface designer described the technical functions of a remote and stressed the need for a user focused design. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote. The team then discussed the option to include voice recognition, LCD, and a feature to locate a misplaced remote. The team briefly discussed who they were aiming their product to along with the idea of marketing their product to television manufacturers. The team also decided on some features to include in their product. 
"Alright, yeah. crack on. Okay so we'll start off with a quick overview of the minutes. I think to sum up the last meeting, would be to say um the requirements that we've um set out. Those are we were going to go for what seemed to be a fairly minimal design based on uh a small joystick, L_C_D_ and a couple of other buttons for navigation um with power being I suppose one of the main single purpose buttons. Um we were also going to use novelty of being able to locate the remote control again via a small transmitter with any luck, the idea to try and separate us and also because of the minimal design um looks like we'll be able to be fairly adventurous in the actual physical shape of our remote control with any luck. Um that pretty much sums up the last one. So we'll just crack on, um like to maybe start with the Industrial Designer if it's possible. Um uh the con today is the concep today. This uh meeting is the conceptual design phase and is um Sorry about this.. And is to cover things like um what the parts might be made of, um, can we uh outsource these from elsewhere, um will we have to construct any items ourselves? Yeah, okay well I'll just uh I'll load it up then. Um. Which one do y Oh, interface concept? That's you. We've got trend watching, that's you. Components design. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now, the kinetic one, we've 'cause that's the ones where like you the movement causes it. Um the bat uh the battery for a a watch wouldn't require a lot of power, would be my one query. Is a kinetic one going to be able to supply enough power? Do you think? W Which I suppose as well would allow us to go off the shelf again, you'd say? Um. Um. Curious. Um, I don't know if you'd be able to off the top of your head or not, the single curved and double curved, would you be able to give an example? Um could you maybe draw something? I you don't doesn't have to be perfect, it's just 'cause I'm not quite sure if I understand the difference between the two. So it might literally just be okay. Alright. Mm. Okay, that was definitely something we can talk about. Um so you've got a little bit about the the chip that we might require as well? Um, do you have any idea so far, like when we're saying that we'd need an advanced chip for an L_C_D_, does that in shoot the cost up by a drastic amount? Or? Well I think compared to say just pressing buttons. if you press a button that sends a certain transmission through the infra-red, whereas I think if we're controlling the L_C_D_ we definitely require a much more powerful chip. Just compared to the chip you would use for pushing buttons I think is the the point being made. If I've not over-stepped. Yeah? Okay, um should I go on, or go back? Well we'd also be relying on the um the bulk buying in producement and such. I assume. We have to look into the costs of those. So, sorry. Okay. Okay. Um.. So in the information that you've been supplied, how feasible would you say that the idea of using an L_C_D_ looks? Um I mean that sounds like quite a good requirement to me. Um conventional battery would seem to make sense. Um I'm not sure if there's any cost differences between single and double curved and I'm I don't know about anybody else, but plastic or rubber as a traditional form of casing would seem to be a good way forward?. Okay. Okay, well um Yeah, well will we move on to user interface, and yeah? Um sorry, as long as were you? Yeah. Okay. Um and d d d interface concept. Yeah. Can I just jump in slightly there? That would suggest the double curved design's probably going to be most appropriate, then. okay. Mm. Okay. Um, yeah. Just to let you know we'll probably be quite tight for time as well, because I think you've probably got a lot you'd like to say, I guess. Okay. Excellent, right. Um uh. File open. Trend watching. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, um I would say that the most you could probably hope for is gaining a year's lead on most people anyway. You always have to bring out new designs, so if we can get next year then that's possibly a good place to start anyway. Um. Seems like a a lot of the components could be off the shelf, so I don't exactly what cost would be incurred. Um I can see your point about the number keypad, but I've I would say that we can probably incorporate it into the menu system if you need to do traversal of a large number of channels. My feeling would be that even if at a later date this was to be taking control of um boxes as well um having the use of the L_C_D_ and the joystick would probably allow you to manipulate enough channel numbers for you to be Mm-hmm. Okay. So what it looks like to me is we'll use a large number of standard components, um, say something like um lithium ion battery, the kind that you find in most um small hand held devices now. Um Looks like we going for a double curved design. Um I don't know what cost implications there are in that. Um, looks like we're pretty much decided on some kind of flexible rubber. Though I'd have to say depending on how flexible it is, we might need to have some kind of inner frame. Do you think there's any way we could maybe remove the articulation? I can see why it looks appealing, but it could be a weak point in um the structure, do you think? That would be a worry of mine. Yeah, we won't add that functionality. However, one interesting point is, I don't know how serious you were there, but we if we take some of the ideas why don't we make the damn thing yellow to incorporate the des the colour of the logo? I dunno. It's an certainly a different colour from your average um That's true. Was there anything in your research Mm-hmm. An interesting point is that if the person doesn't have the computer, we can still make the process easier because instead of having to look up codes, maybe we can have it that one of the options they have is that they look up the name of the company on the L_C_D_ and then they maybe look up different names of um different actual units that have been produced. Or we have the remote control just go through them until it's like does this do the correct function, and such. Doesn't have to be used very often that's right, yeah. Okay, this just to give us a rough idea of what we're meant to be doing for the next stage. I'm pretty sure that you got that anyway. This is the conceptual one. Um. I think we've come up I think we've covered everything we need to here. Um I think we've decided on what, you know, decided on standard items for most of um rubber and such, so we're now looking at the detailed design and what we need to be doing for the next meeting. Um So for example, um I'll just start at the top, you've got yourself and the Industrial Designer gonna be working quite closely at this stage 'cause it'll be hard not to, obviously. Um looking from prototyping of some des description using clay. Um I suppose you'll be told a lot more about that as uh progress. Um The user interface design, They're kind of it looks they're the idea I've pushed forward so far is maybe more of a physical one there, whereas possibly be more interested in maybe how the L_C_D_'s going to incorporate, do you think? Or do you s perceive that most the design design decisions still need to be based on the physical layout? Mm-hmm, that's very true. Um. Okay. Um got product evaluation as well. Um. I I think we'd be yeah, no, it'd be more a case of how do we envisage us performing the product evaluation once we have a model to test with. Um so it'd be a case of do you think that just bringing users in to have them test it out, uh maybe putting a certain number of products into the field in certain places which I suppose is quite similar. Or just kind of hitting the streets and you know saying this is a new remote control, what do you think of the look of it? Um I think the target audience is pretty much anybody under the age of say maybe sixty or something ludicrous. Um the reason I'm saying that is we're just looking at a a replacement remote control, something that's stylish, so maybe you're even just maybe you're narrowing down your target audience simply by saying if they're buying it that often or they're maybe looking to replace something then, they've got a bit of free cash, so that puts them potentially in the younger age bracket. Maybe even single, just for the reasons of um uh excess cash flow. Although of course I mean at twenty five Euros, I don't think we're looking at charging the earth for the uh device. Think that's well within the normal bracket. Um your idea of the U_S_B_ would I think would largely depend on the cost. U_S_B_'s definitely one of the cheapest interfaces out there, but it might push the cost of the overall unit up 'cause it would require not just the connection but the chip for communicating with the rest of the system. That one might have to be based on The the idea was that maybe it could connect up for um allowing a software interface on the P_C_ for a larger programming due to the fact that we've gone for such a nice, easy minimal design, normally. Um. It's just for T_V_, but for programming it to use your T_V_, you might hook it up to the P_C_. I I'm not sure, but I'm thinking maybe that the additional cost of the U_S_B_ might be prohibitive. We don't know unless it would make sense to. Mm-hmm. W It would make sense to. I would say to. Um and we'd better be careful about the time as well. We've already had the five minute warning, so. Um. I would say yeah. International would make sense. Um you're gonna look at product evaluation. I'm I'd better start writing up a hell of a lot of crap. Um you're gonna look a bit more at the kind of the physical make up you say. Um looks like we're gonna need a maybe a kind of prototype in clay. Uh we'll see how that goes. Um. So um do I think we've got an idea of where we need to go for the next meeting, would you say? Yeah, I would s that would be my my feeling. We seem to have quite a general consensus that the idea of the the r rubber could be quite Yeah. So we always need to remember that somewhere we're meant to be getting the slogan on. Possibly I'm think I'm not sure but I'm seeing a little bit of space around maybe the joystick area which could be used. Um. Okay. And I think that says it all really. Right. See everybody in a half hour.
Uh uh okay. I'll just Uh I have a presentation I just saved it in the uh the folder. Uh. It's uh Components design.. Alright. So Uh. The case uh le that's what I wrote first of all, could be plastic our plastic. Uh but later on we found out that um it can be rubber as well, or titanium or even wood. So uh we decide what it's gonna be. Probably plastic. Uh we need the infra-red transmitter. Get that off the shelf. Uh joystick we'll probably if we're gonna use it, um could be plastic w or rubber even as well. Um if you go on to the next slide. Uh If you go on to f uh findings, it's like two or three slides down. Right. So, this is what I found we can use. Uh three different types of batteries. Um can either use a hand dynamo, or the kinetic type ones, you know that they use in watches, or else uh a solar powered one. Um. Yeah. Uh. Yeah, I don't think it would. Um. And solar cells, I dunno about that. Uh. We should probably just use conventional batteries. Um, just like in usual remote controls. Um. Yeah. Um. And these are three different types of or two different types three different types of shapes you can have. Uh one is a flat one, and then more original ones are single curved one or one with a double curved. Um the materials are tha there as you can see, but uh you can't have a titanium one for a double curved, uh which would be Yeah, and light. Uh, i think so as well, yeah. They make mountain bikes out of that, don't they. So it's really light as well. Um. T yeah. Uh. Well for a curved, well I was thinking to f for to sit in your the palm of your hand. Uh maybe like this, with the uh joy pad here. Joystick here. And maybe um an okay button around here, so that the thumb can uh use it quite easily. Um I don't exactly Double curved. It probably means this is probably double curved. Uh whereas a single curved would be like that. I guess. Or not necessarily. Yeah like that. Whereas this is two curves. Um so I guess that's what they mean by uh double curve. Um which obviously it looks better than the single curve, but uh you can't have it in titanium, which is uh a nice material. Uh and for the buttons, um it can have the scroll wheel which they use in mouses for com P_C_s. Uh but um it requires a more expensive chip to use, and if you wanna use L_C_D_ it's even more expensive. So you have to decide, there's trade-offs there. Um if you want the buttons to be oh yeah, if you have a double curve uh control and it's rubber, then you have these rubber buttons as well. But you're gonna ha I reckon you're gonna have to have uh key a number keypad anyway for the amount of channels these days. You wouldn't want to just have to scroll through all the channels to get to the one you want. You wanna enter just the number of it, if you know it. So um I reckon we're gonna have to have a number keypad anyway. Do you think? Yeah. So, depends where gonna spend the money if you want the f fancy L_C_D_ display. Yep. Yeah i Um Uh the previous slides just explain what's in the internal components of the uh remote control. If you go to the one before that uh so it just says what it does, translate the key press into an infra-red signal and this is received by the T_V_. Uh the chip just needs to detect the signal or detect the key press and then uh it'll send it to the tr the amplifier. And uh then the next slide just shows how the uh copper wires uh interact with the buttons, the rubber buttons, uh to uh get sent to the chip. So that's just how the control works inside. Um we have to decide on what buttons we're gonna use.. Um I think we can do it if uh we use conventional batteries and not have solar cells or kinetic. Um and then maybe use single curved uh case. Because we might need it to be curved for the uh thumb to use the joyst joystick easily. Um and then you'll need the advanced chip obviously for the L_C_D_. Yep I'm finished. Ah, okay. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention that. The uh rubber material is the type of stress ball material, not just normal rubber. Forgot to say that. Yeah. If you're going with the fruit and veg thing, looks like a banana. F if you wanna design it that way. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. monkey. The U_S_B_ for which? Oh right, okay. But didn't they just say it's just for T_V_, or are we gonna Okay, yeah. they're going with the fashion thing, like the design, spongy rubber. Yeah.
Uh. Cost is Yeah. Yeah. yeah. Titanium, the really strong metal, titanium? Is it not also it's expensive? Two curves. Need an advanced chip for the L_C_D_. Is that did I Advanced, like three eight six advance. Okay. Okay, sure. Mm, if we only have twelve Pounds fifty, twelve Euros, not even twelve Pounds. Twelve Euros, what's that, like eight pounds or something like that, nine Pounds? Okay, that's good point. I also have a preference for rubber. Based on my research. digital. Is this the joystick? Okay. Mm. Mm. 'Kay. We go. Okay. So uh to gather my research, two basic methods. We compared uh whether people want the remote control to do a lot of stuff or they want it to look cool. And then we we research uh fashion trends in Europe, what's what's the new black, you know, as it goes. Next slide please. Uh we found, in order of importance, people want the remote control to look cool more than they want it to to be cool. As in they want it to do a lot of good s they want it to look like it does a lot, and if it does do a lot that's a bonus, but they don't care so much, you know. They want it to be that's sounds a bit like a contradiction. Technology technical technologically innovative. People want it to be that, but s still they care more about the way it looks than what it does. So like the interface is really important. And easy to use, it it just so happens that uh from the second point to the third point is twice as important I mean the second point is twice as important as the third point. People want it I is it has to be cooler than easy to use, you know, if it has the newest features, even if it's difficult to use, prefer it to have the newest features. And if it's easy to use that's a bonus. The fashion, now this is seems a bit odd to me, but fruit and veg is the new is the new black for furniture, for clothes, for shoes. How that relates to a remote control I don't know. But I I see I come on to that in the next in the next slide. Spongy. I've als I've been saying everything's the new black. Well spongy's the new black as well. So we have the choice between rubber and plastic. If it's the type of rubber that you can squeeze, you know, it's spongy, then can I skip the rest? Okay. Okay, so kinda spongy material. So um so my personal opinion? Um we want something fancy and techni technologically innovative, obviously. But what we what we need is something that looks like it's from the future that looks cool, that's that's different, you know, that's everyone has a white remote control, black remote control, you need something cool. Like, titanium is cool but it's expensive. And maybe it's a bit of overkill for a remote control. Um now the fruit and veg options, either we we go in that direction or we stay totally away from it. Um I mean the research did come up with fruit and veg, so maybe it is important for it's the up to the interface guy. So if we stay away from it, s you know stay away from it, but if we're gonna go along with it then it doesn't necessarily have to be like an apple or something like that, or a kiwi fruit. It could be something like, I say potato peeler but I'm sure you guys have a have a much cooler idea than I do. So I think cool is the key. Few questions about a spongy remote control. I've never seen one before. I've seen plastic remote controls. I think maybe they were I don't know, back in the day when they first came up with remote controls, they had a reason for it being sturdy, you know. For being strong and sturdy. So um if we want something strong and sturdy, I say stay with plastic or titanium, but if we go with spongy, we can stress that you can drop this as many times as you want, it doesn't matter, it's spongy material, it's not gonna break, you know. I just don't know how the L_E_D_ and the lights are gonna fit into a spongy material because it's not gonna be completely squeezable. So how do things fit it? And if we are gonna use spongy, we can say it's long lasting, you know it's damage resistant and stuff like that, so. So just to summarise, people want stuff that's cool, that's that looks like it's cool, and if it is cool then that's a bonus doesn't have to be um people like fruit and veg. We can either go down that alley or stay totally away from it. People like spongy material. If we're gonna use spongy material we have to think of how practical it is, and how we can further promote that idea. And also, this was this year. So, things change all the time, every year you know they they always talk about this year, this is the new black. Well next year something else is gonna be the new black and we're stuck with last year's fruit and veg type stuff. 'Kay. That's me. That's a good point. You can incorporate names into the menu. Okay. Even news, music. Like they do on uh sky digital kinda. Yeah.. Okay. Course not. Sure, yeah. Sure. The noise for when you lose the banana, um f yeah, for when you lose the remote control, it could be like a a monkey noise or something like that, rather than a standard beep beep. Y you know, you lose the monkey the banana, y you lose the banana, you press a button, and you hear like monkey screams or something like that to direct you towards the banana. S oh, I was gonna talk about the programmable remote control. Now I think it'd be cool if you had one remote control that could work with all T_V_s, you know you s you click a button and it finds the frequency that works with your particular television. But why you'd need to program it like as as a standard feature, I I don't know. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's because televisions, they don't give the remote control any type of feedback when you send it. Okay. Is it is it actually a book of names to digits, or is it like a few pages? I was just thinking, if we were to store this information, some type of mapping. This person probably need to use this feature like once, you know, when you first buy the remote control, or whenever they buy a new television, so once every s Yeah, and it's Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah, you see I don't some of these things kinda logically follow the others. How can t product evaluation, doesn't that come after actually seen a product prototype. Oh, that's the okay, sure sure sure. Mm-hmm. Okay, sure. At this stage we still have no no target audience or 'Kay. And it's stylish. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yep. Okay. Programmable memory as well. For the remote control. We've w definitely talking some type of Different. But you're gonna need some type of flash memory or something. Well something that doesn't you wouldn't have to redo the whole thing once the batteries are changed, you know, once you turn off the power. Yeah. Different languages, uh different skins and stuff like that. Sure. I if it was customisable as in different languages and stuff, that does open it is supposed to be international, right? So. It would make sense if you could Okay. Yeah. The fruit and veg. This one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. I mean we are trying to promote a remote control, but we wanna keep the company brand as well, so. I think so too. Sa
Yeah, that's me. Mm. There's also a watch moves around a great deal more. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Um I'm actually gonna be bold and go oo go straight for rubber um for reasons I'll go into uh in more detail.. Mm. Yep. Now I'm gonna have to work between the uh the slides and the uh and the white board 'cause I actually I have some fairly concrete things this time. Uh um I was given a an H_T_M_L_ file giving um various ideas from uh from other previous remote control designs, and pretty much decided to just dump them all. I wasn't very impressed by them and they didn't seem to re uh nothing I saw seemed to meet the sorts of design specifications that we're going for today. Um so what I ra rather than looking at other remotes, uh ra oomp be better to simply look at the human hand. Um and try and f um and try and figure out a way of laying out the elements we've already decided on, um so that if r a if so that the finger is e each finger or thumb is wherever it needs to be already. Um so uh next slide, if you please. Um and what we've basically decided on was the the um the joy uh the joystick, two function buttons and the L_C_D_, just keep it paired down to the absolute minimum. I don't actually think we need the um the numeric keypad because if you m because one of the menus that we could have available um v via via the L_C_D_ is one where you scroll through channels, so if there's something f and be bear in mind since this isn't meant to work for um f f f for di for digital or um or for or for cable, whatever, you're basically looking at four or five terrestrial channels, and then um your V_C_ uh and then the channel through your V_C_R_ and or D_V_D_ player. And or um box. So it's not I'm not really excessively concerned about that. You must have two two modes, basic mode, where um the joystick's uh left right left right for channels, up down for volume, um and the uh uh and the menu mode for uh further functions. Um now the reason I was particularly interested in using rubber for this is that if we're going to have a highly ergonomic design, um it needs to be ergonomic for left or right handed people. Um, so you Mm-hmm. Yes, absolutely. Um, basi basically what I basically what the what be having um, I would say, the the whole thing articulated at two points, so that if you if you're handing it from a lef uh left or right handed user you can adjust it so that the um the L_C_ the L_C_D_ and the uh The joystick would be in the right place. And also this is a rather nicer de uh design gimmick that the the um you know the whole thing you know it should have sort of organic feel to it that it should be, you know, soft to touch and can be moved around all nice. Um okay on to on to the next uh to the next slide. Okay. Yeah, 'kay basically um I can add pretty pictures to this. The um Assuming the hand the hand to be in about sort of this position, um hol uh holding the remote, the um the joystick unit should rest over the uh the joint of the f of the uh four finger so that it's directly accessible for the thumb. Um and it would need t there would need to be a it would need to be articulated just below that so that it could be switched around for uh left or right handed users. So. You then have a grip section that can be more or less the same irrespective of handedness. You just have big two big buttons that cover most of the area so it can in the upper part, one for the four finger, one for the middle finger. Um, and that Th this part here is the joystick. This would be the actual grip. Probably where you'd want to have the battery as well. That would be probably the bulkiest part. And you then have, at the uh at the bottom, the L_C_D_, and this would need to be articulated as well. And basically I'd want this to rest here, right at the base of the wrist. So it would fit just nicely in the hand. And again, this part could be rotated, so it can So so so that it can be adjusted to either left or right handed user. Um So the t uh the top function button in basic mode would be the on off switch and menu mode would be the enter button. And then the bottom function buttons switches between between modes. Um now programming it actually thi this is one thing I've found with um the replacement remote control. Programming them can be a right pain. So I thought th the simplest way around that would be to have um a cable to connect it to the computer some some fair iv fairly fairly simple software on the computer just so that you on your computer just so that you could um pr program it at a rather in a rather more comfortable interface. And you could download programs for it from uh for uh T_V_s from all sort of main manufacturers. Um though you i it would be necessary to have uh have a m uh have a ha have a mode for programming it without the computer, uh just in case there are there are still people left out there who don't have them yet. Um. But uh. Yeah. That's that's my idea. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, actually if you've got a lot of channels, the number keypad can be quite annoying as well, becau it's you know if you're trying to remember what uh, you know, what number's the discovery channel or whatever. It's just irritating. But if you h but but but if you have a me but if you have a menu structure, then you can sub-group them. So you Yeah. Yeah, I I would say definitely, I mean I mean I mean the the idea of having it sort of articulated i th there would be basically two points of articulation. W um one below and one above the m the uh the main sort of grip. So Mm. I d I don't thi I don't think that it would be a a structural weakness, I mean if you have a firm s sub-structure, you can then incorporate articulation into that. If you then have a sort of outer skin of mm flexible, spongy rubber then you have something that is you know very much you know organic, and I think would look rather co I mean mi rather cool. I mean my drawing there doesn't doesn't do it justice, it makes it makes it look more a little bit more like a vibrator than a than a uh than a remote control, but uh. Mm-hmm. Make it harder to lose, as well. I th uh I mean if it I think that's something that could perhaps be programmable, though maybe have monkey as default. Um. Mm-hmm. Well basi basically the um for f for uh I mean e each manufacturer will have a partic will have a particular command set that uh the T_V_ responds to. It's not simply a matter of frequency. So um usually what's done is you have this big booklet full of different possi you'll have all of them sort of programmed in to the uh remote, and you'll have this little booklet of codes you then find your um ma uh find your manufacturer and try the different codes that come under that manufacturer's name 'til you find the right one. It's Yeah, that's right. So that's that's quite annoying and we probably would still have to do that. But if we had um some sort of hook-up to your computer as an option, then if you've got a computer you can avoid that rather irritating thing. Yeah. Yeah. Um booklet. Some pages. Yeah. Yeah. But it's a but it's a nuisance. And it's a nuisance very close to the to um to actually purchasing it, so it's something that you're likely to be thinking about. If you if there's w i if there's one in the shop that's that says it can avoid much of that nuisance, you might be favourably inclined towards it. Um mm. Mm. Um well I I think other than ge getting a sort of more aesthetically pleasing form for it, um mo most of the sort of layout design decisions are are made, I would say. Um but then again, the um the menu structure to to a considerable extent that's gonna vary according to the model of television, and also any customisations that the user might wish to incorporate. So um and one of the nice things about having an L_C_D_ and a menu structure is that there is that flexibility to it. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I mean it's Yeah. Yeah. The other thing I mean it I mean it would need to ha it would need to have um some sort of on board memory anyway. Um f for one for one thing because I do think that the menu system should be um uh I mean although you know, it's not going to be terribly complicated if it's just controlling one device, the menu system ought to be um o ought to be customisable and uh Mm-hmm. How uh how uh how you want say the um the the menu structure for flicking through channels if you've got lots of channels. That sort of thing. Yeah. Are we going to be supplied with the clay is what I want to know. Where is the clay? Mm-hmm. Mm. I th I think I would largely want to actually steer clear of the whole sort of fruit and veg thing. Bu but um but the spongy idea I like. I like it a lot. I having it i having it sort of br bright yellow I think that's quite a good idea, though maybe we could have options for colours as well. and again this has the advantage of being harder to lose. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I was like like I said before I I think we should have the R_R_ on the uh on the top function button.
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The industrial designer presented options for batteries, materials and shapes to use for the case, buttons, and chips. The user interface designer discussed how to create an interface for an ergonomic remote which conforms to the shape and movements of the human hand, as well as an option in which users could connect their remotes to computers in order to download program settings. The marketing expert discussed findings from trendwatching reports, which indicated a need for products which look fancy, are technologically innovative, are easy to use, have a fruit and vegetable theme, and are spongy. The team then discussed what materials and components to use, the color of the remote, and programming options for the remote. 
"Okay, it's a I think if we both step up and uh outline our ideas. Okay. Now do uh doing the prototype gave us a bit more insight into the ergonomics of the design. Um for one thing, it turned out that the only point at which it needs to be articulated for handedness is um is h i is down here for the uh L_E_D_. As it turned out, the whole thing transfers from the right to left hand fairly well from the point of view of operating the uh function buttons and joystick, though it might be an idea to be able to a adjust the positions for the base of the joystick just a little bit for uh ju just a thought. You could simply have a slightly ovoid shaped joystick that could then just be turn uh twisted round, so that the uh sticky uh so that the bit that sticks out a bit more is on one side or the other. But as you as you see with the uh with holding it in the left hand, the L_ uh the L_C_D_ is nowhere useful, so that would need to be articulated uh if we're going to retain ergonomic design. Um now I I got your note about uh keeping the cost down. Yeah. this design could be done with um with uh plastic casing. Though I would recommend around the grip part here in the middle, having maybe just a rubber grip over that which would allow for a slightly more sort of bio-morphic form, and a bit more ergonomic as well. As for the um as for the single curve, um well this edge and this edge, like I say it would be nice to have some curvature to it, but it's not absolutely necessary. Really the curve that's most needed is the underside so that the jo so that the joystick rests over the the edge of the hand like this. Um and you have the uh transmitter here and a wee speaker for the uh for the uh for the uh fi uh for the remote control finder. So. Any further comments? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I mean the uh Yeah. Yeah. I mean with the with the rubber design it could i you know it could pretty much mould very much to the to the user's hand. One nice wee feature if we could if we could still do the rubber, I though of was to have the uh rubber extend beyond the end of the uh of the rigid substructure. So it has a wee sort of tail that you just drape over your wrist so it stays in position nicely. Mm. Lovely. Um. Okay. Yeah, that's still part of the design. Mm. Mm. And making it a bright colour helps with the personally I would have gone for purple. Mm-hmm. I'd say number one. I think w if it was just the sounder then th I mean something I've found with uh w w with say tr trying to find uh a cordless phone or a m mobile, you can hear it, but you can't quite pin it dow pin down where it is. Bu Yeah. Mm-hmm I suppose o one thing that could be done is h is have it um circular and have it s so that the uh the pink actually goes a bit over the pinkie finger. Mm. So that uh th Mm. Mm. yeah. Mm. Mm. I think if we remove the the L_C_ display then there was absolutely no point to any of these meetings and we just we could just put our branding on any other remote control. Mm-hmm. Um yeah I mean one thing, I mean ho uh how much extra would it be to to keep I mean keep the um the articulation? This is what I'm wondering. Oh no, I think I I it d that it needn't require it to be double curved. It's uh it's just it's just it's just that the case would come in t would be made in two parts and then joined together with an articulation. Mm. Yeah, I mean and I mean the uh I mean if you look uh if you look closer at the uh at the prototype here, the lines here along the grip are actually quite straight. Um I mean yeah, on the on the L_C_D_ I mean although we've done it with a curve it could just as easily be done um without curves. The curve that's really needed is up here, to put uh to keep the joystick in a good ergonomic position for it to have it rest on the top of the hand. Mm. Mm no that's that voice response thing that we got the email about. But I thought it was just completely pointless. Yeah. Alright. B i basically it was saying that our labs had come up with a chip that you could, you know, say hello to, and it would say hello back in a friendly female voice. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, well l let's say that and then we can have our special coloured case and then we at least have make it a little harder to lose. Because most m most remotes are a fairly dingy colour that gets camouflaged under any pile of crap in a living room. Or grey. Yellow. Okay. Three. I think we can do three. Th the special colour doesn't would I think make a difference. It makes it stand out from you know it's lost in a big pile of crap, it stands out from the rest of the crap. Two buttons and a joystick. Totally. It doesn't get much fancier. Mm. Mm. I'd give it a three for this for that. Yeah. I mean the menus thing is something you don't normally see on um on a remote, but you see it in a lot of other places. Mm-hmm. I'd give it a three. Mm-hmm. I'd s I I'd give it a six, to be honest. Well I I I would sa I would say give a s give a selection of colours. Um we went with yellow we went with yellow for the prototype 'cause we had yellow. If I were buying one, I'd go for purple. Leopard print would be cool. That's kinda i it won't be when it's been budgeted. I I think s I I think this isn't not particularly fruit and veggie. Um. Mm. I'd I'd I don't think fruit and veg is the sole criterion. Is the sole criterion for being um fashion fashionable or inspired by current fashions. Um I'd g I'd rate I'd rate this fairly highly from that point of view actually. Mm. Mm. Personally, I think given that the product um only replaces a single remote control that you've already got, are people really gonna shell out twenty five Euros for something that's only marginally good? Mm-hmm. I s I suppose one thing is that b because it's technically innovative, um for someone who's sort of technophobic, the fact that it simply looks unfamiliar would be daunting. Um. Yeah, got notes and doodles. Well I think this is a I think the digital pen's mostly for the benefit of the uh of the researchers studying this. It's all p goes into their corpus. Though it would have been nice to be able to transfer the um transfer our n our paper notes onto the uh computer ourselves.. Unti uh uh until uh until accounts came along, squish. Yeah. Mm. I mean I th I mean I think to r retaining the s the more sort of bio-morphic form in the articulation would gain more in s uh would gain more profit in sales than it would lose in uh in added expense. Such as it is. Actually I want th one thing I would say I mean something that could perhaps be part of the product mm the um m product testing market research process would be to uh produce mock-ups of both versions and see just how much of a difference the over going over-budget um m would make to sales. And we could even you know, market two versions. Wee cheapie version with the nice bio-morphic rubber. Yes. Mm. And I can get my bus. Okay. Thank you.
Um obviously it's gonna be bulkier than how it looks, because it's gonna be flat on one side, so the L_C_D_ will be s sticking down like this, won't it? 'Cause it you can't get it curved. Uh because of costs. And it's plastic as well, so it won't be as comfortable on the hand. Yeah,. One. Yeah. What about what if the the volume on the T_V_'s turned up massively and uh you just wanna turn down the volume can't find remote. Suppose you have to go to the T_V_ and do it manually. Mm. Like y you wouldn't hear the speaker. Mm. That's too expensive isn't it? Yeah. Fashion. So basically the only new thing is the L_C_D_ on the remote now. Oh, and joystick, yeah. So The L_C_D_ basically is the big selling point of the remote. But that's what makes it uh original though, isn't it? It can be s yeah, it can still be single curved, but You just. That's what we need for the joystick I think though. Costs four. Yeah. Are we going for a special colour at all? Well I was for a case. Or had you already incorporated that? Think it's ten minutes left. Special colour. Three. Are we going one on? I'd say we go two, 'cause like f the fanciest would be the double curved. Wouldn't it? With the articulators. With bells on it. No need for teletext. five? Six? Six,. Put a leopard print on it. Yeah we gotta. I'd say the colour of the border there world you'd find that, that's that'd stand out. Logo, brand. Mm 'kay. Yellow courgette. Well this this what we're gonna t this is their motto, like. And we're we're not doing well on it. Yeah, I'll go with five. 'S bad design, that thing. Mm, yeah. Well, it depends who your who's what the target people are, like you'd say maybe the fashion conscious women would be going, oh look at that, 's cool, it looks like a it's yellow, looks like a banana, it's cool it's gotta look good in the sitting room. Rather than the L_C_D_ whereas uh more technical like like more uh people in with the latest technology it's good, it's got an L_C_D_ screen 's only got two buttons and a joystick. So, which which kind of people would be more likely to buy it?. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good. Very good. We're burs bursting with creativity. And the price was like it was twice the w assembly cost. And would it have to be twice that? It could be like coulda had the assembly like maybe fifteen Euro. We'll still settle for twenty five. Maybe. In the beginning, yeah.
. Right. Yeah I've got a if you load up my evaluation document. Mm. Uh evaluation. Basic point uh have a list of criteria that we need to rate the prototype by. Um then we will it's a seven s um seven seven step kinda evaluation process. So um not seven steps, seven scale. So after we've finished doing all the ratings for each criteria, we average that and that will give us some type of uh confidence in our prototype. And uh the criteria based on Real Reactions' kinda goals and policies, marketing strategies, and also those I put together from the user requirements phase. 'Kay. Um if you flip the So, those are the criteria. And uh perhaps I could have put 'em a bit better, but you notice a few things that we've totally abandoned, which means that uh the product will score very badly on some of those points. Put it mildly. So we have um true? One, t Seven, eight, oh. Fourth. Okay, so we have to go through each point. If we imagine it's actually straight, and just give it a a score. So um how well would you say the prototype is uh how well have we realised the dream of being able to stop remotes from from being lost, or to be able to find them once they are lost. I mean, uh is the homing thing still the locator, is that still Sure. And Adam, we can keep that in? Okay. Sure. T Sure. Mm. Bright colour. So we still have that noise thing, yeah? Os on a scale of one to seven, how would you guys rate it for finding finding it once it's lost? Number one? Okay. Number number one for the first criteria. Yeah you can tell what room the mobile is Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You wanna say something? That's fine. Oh that's that's fine. What do you mean cr is there anything I wanna Um, a few. Something I neglected from my initial research is that Real Reactions has a a goal strategy that all of the products be inspired by material fashion, and clothing fashion. That is why fruit and veg being popular in the home and in clothing was important and they want all their products to be somehow inspired by current trends in fashion. So they say we put the fashion in electronics, well they really mean it they they're very big on fashion, so. That's this bit right here. And uh this bit is this one easy to use for visitors or for anybody? I guess it's just the same as saying easy to use interface, so it's kinda condensed into one. And we can come back to it, you said. So. Different languages? Yeah. Mm. Do you have any data on how much um different prints cost? I mean can you get the entire thing printed with a design um?. Yeah, yeah. Why would why would that be more expensive than an individual push button and scroll wheel together? That's quite significantly expensive.. Yeah. We don't even have uh speakers here. The like uh we uh what about speakers and transmitters and stuff like that? Have we factored that in? Transmitter, receiver, speakers. Plus the extra device itself that's gonna be on a T_V_. Is that gonna be a button, or Yeah. I I mean it's not on here, but um. Did they s do we have to use an advanced chip for the L_C_D_? Okay. Well that's yeah. What's a hand dyna dynamo? You have to wind it up? Technology. Yeah. Okay. And we couldn't replace the joystick, right? Because we would need four extra buttons to replace it, up down left and right, and that would be more expensive than a but is a scroll wheel not just back and forward? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um. Uh k Does this does this bear in mind that I mean it's a bit ridiculous that they're gonna charge us what is it, like this much money for three million if we're gonna buy three million components, you know. Mm. 'Kay. I think so. Yeah. Could we could we not get rid of the curvy the curvous the curvaceousness and focus on the menu being the best interface? 'Cause like we do we have re restrictions on software? Oh but there has to be joystick. Okay. Sure. Okay, my bad. So I think the product is not gonna perform so well for my criteria. Oh, wait a minute. Sample speaker? What is a sample speaker? Is that somewhat similar to what we want? Yeah. You got a email about voice response? I did not, so. We won't go with that one, did you say? I mean I we Okay, okay. So it looks like we're gonna get rid of the whole loca locator thing. Okay. Okay. Oh, special colour for the case. Mm-hmm. W what's the default colour? White or black? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Okay. So uh Right okay. Okay. 'Kay. Ability to stop remotes from being lost or to find them once they are lost. Um. Okay. Special colour. Uh uh four. Three if we're being generous, I feel. Think we're being generous here with three. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Reduce the number of unused buttons. We're down to t two buttons, is it? Okay, so that's a one. You know, where that's Okay, that was good. Easy to use interface, buttons menu, menus that's yeah that's good. 'Kay that's we're not doing so badly. Um easy to use oh okay, let's forget that one. Fancy looking. Sure. And we could do whatever we like with the L_ L_C_D_. Yeah let's just assume it's a good L_C_D_ display. Maybe I was panicking for no reason. Yeah, w maybe you'd be a bit too yeah. There we go. Yeah, that's m that's that's better too. More accurate numbers. Technologically innovative. Well, we're getting rid of the locator thing which which yeah. 'Kay. Yeah, mobile phones. And y what you're doing is moving the menu from the television to the remote control, so it's You say three? I might go as far as two on that. Three. Three. Okay. Okay. Materials that people find pleasing. Sponginess is what they really would have wanted, apparently. Yeah. That's true. It's not a step backwards. Yeah, okay let's give it a six. Okay, that's totally thrown everything off balance. Inspired by the latest interior and clothing fashion. W we could. What colour were we gonna make it? I know, but But um by this I think it's more a case of fruit and veg, Yeah. Mm. But Th th they're referring to the fruit and veg thing. Is this like a banana type colour? Could we stretch no still, it's not shaped like a banana is Oh is that 'cause it's flat? What is what fruit or veg is flat? Yeah. Or we might have to suffer badly for this one as well. Four? Oh that's it's very ambitious, yeah, um. Sure. Inspired by. Yeah. This is their strategy. I m imagine we actually had some money invested in this and the amount that we invest is gonna be proportional to the marks. Might we might wanna be a bit more skepible sceptical about this one. I would say I mean it's it's not at all, right? In any way or shape or form. We didn't m Okay, the the yellow banana like thing is I think is okay. Right five. Is that sound reasonable? Five. Yeah. 'Kay, so we have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. So five, seven, ten, sixteen, twenty one. Which gives us an average of three. It's well this would be in the middle. So we it's it's not bad. It's in the good section. Oops. Sorry. I'm I'm sorry. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Even if we were to increase this entire thing by by seven, we were to go down a grade to to four, we would have to do I mean we didn't we weren't that kinda optimistic too optim overly optimistic. You know like we didn't we didn't add we didn't subtract a whole seven points from these things, so I think we're definitely on the good bit. Even if we gave this one seven and this one seven, that's still only three extra points over seven. You know, it's yeah, we did it w it was okay. It was good. Mm-hmm. I think so. I mean my mum still has not learnt how to use text messaging on her phone, and she's had it for a long time, you know. She uses it to make phone calls and that's it. Yeah. So I think if sh if my mum saw a remote control like this with only two buttons and a joystick, I mean that'll probably be the first one she decides not to buy, you know. She'd be like is this a remote control, I don't how do you use it, and stuff like that. So even if it is really user friendly to us, but we're used to using menus all the time. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's totally uh radical to have a remote control with no no numbered buttons, yeah. But like radical good, maybe. Wrote nearly a page, but not. I think tracking. Yeah, that woulda been pretty good. I'd yeah I liked it, yeah. I li yeah, top marks. Well yeah. We we're not lacking in ideas, you know it's that was not the problem. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Maybe the counts wou woulda been better if we had a list or more Yeah, to begin with. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And like response from consumers. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's Thank you. I was actually kind of upset you know at the budget, and that we had to cut a lot of stuff. It's like man, we we can't have the locator thing. And s yeah that's just bad. Do you think maybe the prices were were made?
That should hopefully do the trick, um. 'Kay. Sorry about the small delay. Falling a little bit behind schedule. And that's uh fifteen twenty five. Okay. So just to try and roughly go over what we agreed in the last one, um we're gonna go for something uh uh how was it? Uh The new black, I believe. Um something that looks good 'cause that seems to be in preference to actual functionality in the end, though we should never avoid functionality, of course. Uh many of our components are gonna be standard, off the shelf, but it seemed like we were gonna require at least an advanced chip and we were still very much for the idea of using an L_C_D_ display. Um other things were we were hoping to use rubber, most likely gonna be double curved, etcetera. Okay. So um due to your hard work, we might as well let the uh two designers go first, and uh show us the prototype. Quite how the best way to do this is, I'm not sure, but Okay. I'm afraid yeah. We'll go into that a bit more, but please go on. Mm. Okay, yeah. Great. Um. Yeah, okay. Excellent work. Um. Yeah, I believe so. So I mean I don't think anybody could actually stop a remote being lost, 'cause that would mean doing something about the human element, but I'd like to think that we've done something about finding the damn thing once we have. Mm. Um just before we go through all of the steps here, um well what we'll do is um if we can look at the criteria you're gonna evaluate, and then we'll come back to the product evaluation if that's alright. Yeah, is that Um so is there anything here that you that you wanted to cover as in the criteria that you've covered? And then we'll come back pretty much promptly to this. I is there any of these criteria that need any explaining? Or is there anything that yous thought tha really would stand out compared to the others? Okay. Okay. No and which we will do very very shortly. Um. Okay. Slight problem we had was that we have an amazing four Euros over budget for what we were hoping to do. Um most of it stems from the use of the L_C_D_ which I think in the end accounted for about half of our expenditure because of course we required a chip as well. Um the only way to get this down was either to ditch the a L_C_D_, at which point we've removed a large part of how we were gonna interface, require more buttons, etcetera. Or what we did was that we um we as in I as I was quickly going over it was altering the actual structure. Um changing it to plastic and a solid unit with a single curve design would allow us to come back into the um proposed costs and we're just scraping it in, we've got point two of a Euro left over there. So we're just managing it really. Even then as well, um there was no criteria technically defined for a joystick so I've used what I think's appropriate. With any luck that won't mean that we've incurred more cost than we can actually afford to. It blows a lot of our really good ideas kind of slightly to one side, for example the possibility of having a U_S_B_ connection is definitely not viable now. Um. That should still be viable. We've got an advanced chip, we've got the use of the L_C_D_. So being able to communicate in multiple languages is still very much a possibility. Um but what's something we need to decide on is how we're gonna go from here. We do need to try and come up with an idea which could be continued with other people if need be. Um. We can I can bring the excel up sheet up and uh show you if you wish um. I really think as m much as it pains me is that we might have to go with plastic and some kind of solid design, possibly meaning that the L_C_D_ wouldn't be in this perfect place. It might be s stuck like slightly between what would be good for left handed and what would be good for a right handed person. Okay. It very much is about making concessions, unfortunately. Um. Um b b b da is you mean on the plastic, or? Let's have a look. You now have as much information as I do. Um. So as you can see here, for example, the battery really not very little choice in that one. We've gone for one of the cheaper options as well. Unfortunately we require the advanced chip if we're gonna do what we're needing to. I've said single curved. We really do need it to be that way for the ergonomics of it. Um plastic for some reason incurs no cost, which I've had to very much make advantage of, despite the fact that rubber's only got a value of two Euros per unit. Problem comes here as you can see in the interface. Um if I've read this thing correctly, then we can save point five of a Euro here in that it's not per push button. That might make sense, because then a numeric keypad would come in at um what, four point five Euros, which is an awful lot, so that could well be wrong. Even if we save point five there, it would just mean that we're most likely placing it in actually just gaining a colour for the unit, which has had to be put to one side. As you can see, the use of an L_C_ display um advanced chip and what would determine the scroll wheel here as well because it's an integrated scroll scroll wheel push button that wasn't quite what I think they had in mind with a joystick. I that's something you'll have to take up with the bean counters. Um as you can see I mean that's taken up well over half of the price. So um I'm very much open to suggestions of where we go, but because we need to shed what was four Euros off of the um the price of for what we really desired, this one comes in under price as you can see, but this was the one that sacrificed the material for the case and for the actual case design. Uh no, we haven't, not That'll it literally would just be a button. We might have to It looks like almost nothing Mm. Oh good call, I missed that. that's a very valid point. So if we're gonna go with the L_C_ display, then that's I believe so, yeah. That would probably not be in keeping with the um the fashion statement and such, yeah. Being manipulated by the joystick, yeah. Which I'm defining as scroll wheel. Um. Yeah it's just because there was no actual definition for what a joystick might be, that that's what I've labelled it for the purposes of this evaluation. If we remove the L_C_ display, we could save ourselves a fair amount. Which you could It's a shame. We should possibly have If we could've increased the price we could've manufactured that and we could've got something far closer to what we were hoping to. Again, you'll have to argue with the accountants on that one. Um but for the purposes of this meeting, I'm we're gonna have to stick with these figures. So, I would say that it would seem like the general opinion is we're gonna keep the L_C_ display 'cause it's about what really separates us, despite the cost it's gonna incur. Um are people maybe not happy with, but are willing to go ahead with this in going for a plastic solid case, to keep the L_C_D_? It's hard to tell. Um I would say that you're at least gonna take double curved, and even then I'm not quite sure if that's incorporating the idea of articulation. Single curved with articulation? But the curves all o over hand, is it? We wouldn't actually save a lot by reducing it anyway, so I mean for the purposes of this meeting maybe we can state that single curve still allows articulation. Um unless we hear otherwise we could go ahead with that proposal. Which is what we can get onto now. As long as so are we gonna say w we have to keep an eye on the time as well, but we're gonna say um single curved design It could well be, but at a cost of Okay, yeah we'll definitely won't go with that one. Yeah, that's voice recognition, so. Um. So, okay yeah, battery definitely, It looks like it unless we can manage to put it in under point two Euros, um. Maybe even slight well oh yeah, pretty much point two Euros, I'd say. So we'll leave that one for now. we'll just have It's uh a case of um I'm uh slightly unsure. One point five of a Euro for one push button doesn't sound quite right. So maybe it's a case of a push button is maybe one or more. Um. At which point if Well you got point five there. It's literally a case of whether or not this is correct. I'm not quite sure if they're I don't think they mean point five Euros per button. So There we go. Black's probably the normal colour you'd say, yeah. I quite like that colour that you're fetching there, it's uh definitely for make it glow in the dark even better. So will we go with that then? It's not and we can see we'll come back to uh your evaluation which you're probably now going to pan us but there we go. Just to give you an idea, um you want to go maybe a bit quickly as well, I'm not sure how much time. We've not hit the five minute mark warning yet, but. Ten. Mm mm four? Three? Mm. Okay. Two buttons. Yeah. I'd say we're doing well there. Mm-hmm. As he models the I'd Yeah. Which is a shame. Mm. I'd be tempted with three, yeah. We'll get panned on the next one, anyway. Yeah, w It is, yeah. Don't blame them. Um because of the way that we've minimalised the number of buttons and such. Plastic, it sucks. But it's no worse than any of the other pl remote controls we have. Like yellow, yeah. It would also help keep the the product placement s yeah. Is it inspired by clothing fashion? Yes. It's kind o it probably Well I mean it's probably more fruit and veg than most other things out there bar fruit and veg, so, what, four? Is that being too generous? Oh dear,. What would you think yourself? Well, it's kind of curved and we can make it yellow, and that's pretty much banana like. Si it's got a curve to it. Am I do you think I'm stretching the uh the use of the banana? It's not bad and considering the don't pick the pen. Um. Y oh and you've knocked batteries out. Um right okay it's considering the price we had to get this in, to have a positive you know, even based on the four of us being heavily biased, um it was gonna be quite hard to get anything standing out I'd say possibly, based on um the the cost features. Maybe it's been targeted Hide it in the fruit basket. Probably the people technologically. They're usually the ones that buy pointless stuff. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um don't know how lo much longer we've got. At least five minutes I think. Um quickly we'll pop onto project evaluation. Um. So, we've got these uh four criteria here for uh satisfaction. Does anybody want to um um do you have any opinions on any of them? For example um we'll work backwards I suppose. The ability to work on this project using the technology we've been presented with. Um people made good use of the uh pen and paper? I would say I'm not quite sure what the advantage for us using a digital pen might be. Mm. It must It does seem like the paper's still a heavy consideration for taking notes. So maybe this is literally just a way around it. Um I dunno. How are people satisfied with the teamwork we've managed to display today? Leadership. As much as can be leadered in this uh thing. Um last one we've got is room for creativity. Now, I think we got Yeah I think of in the end, ideas that can be used sadly. Not so much that we weren't full of ideas, but of ones that are gonna allow us to actually build the thing. It's a bit of a pity. Um I would have to agree on that. I think we needed a larger budget. If you're going to aim your a um product maybe at the technological kind of sector, then you can afford to maybe jack the price up slightly from what it is. Because they will pay outrageous cash to first on the market. Mm. It could even That's true, yeah. Um I suppose these are all that will have to be taken up with a at a different group at I guess. As to a the costs involved. But I mean we've got a a prototype. So I dunno, I I think it's gone okay today, considering the information that we've had at our disposal, and um such. Probably would have mean we could have come up with a lot more solid design in the end, I would have to agree. It is very much a pity to um get so far into the stage and then find out that maybe some of your ideas are just a bit too expensive. Always hard to tell until you know the costs. Um. Okay. Are the costs within budget? Well, they are now that we have our slightly less than capable product. We've evaluated it, and we can say that we came out with a value of three. It's yeah? And then the final one where you get to call it Hal. But we'll go into that later. Right um is there anything else that anybody would like to to add, um anything they think that's not been covered, before I quickly write up a final report. Um I dunno, I mean we've got a product. We maybe aren't as happy with it as we'd like to be, but we've got something we think we can maybe stick onto the the market and sell. And of course something we have been avoiding talking about 'cause of we've no information is selling them directly to the manufacturers. There is a huge market. I mean we've briefly touched on it but we've no more knowledge then there's little we can say on that. Yeah. So um unless anybody's got anything they'd like to add, we can maybe round this up slightly earlier than we'd need to and then we can finish up the writing and such. Yeah? Uh thank you for your participation. That a question we can ask.
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented a prototype for the remote the team is designing and discussed its ergonomic appearance and its features. The marketing expert began to lead the team in conducting an evaluation of the prototype but was interrupted when the project manager shifted the discussion to examining the production costs of the team's product. The original specifications of the team's product proved to be too expensive and so the team had to discuss which features to lose and which to maintain in order to meet the target cost. After discussing costs, the team returned to conducting their product evaluation. The prototype was evaluated on the basis of its ability to be located when misplaced, ease of use, appearance, technological innovativeness, and sponginess. Overall, the prototype received average marks. The team then evaluated the project process, finding that they were happy overall but quite displeased with the small budget. 
"Hmm hmm hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yep, yep. Okay. Tu tu tu tu Hi, good morning. 'Kay. Oops. Mm. Oh sorry. Mm-hmm. Yeah, me. Cat. Where did this come from? Uh, yep. Thank you. Uh, maybe you can guess what I'm trying to make? Yep. It's actually sitting, so it's sitting, it's not standing. Okay, I see it as one thing it's very supportive. It's your best friend and your you can talk to a dog, it can be your best friend, it doesn't discriminate between you, based on what you are. Second it's loyal and third thing it's got intuition. dogs can som sometimes can make out between a thief and a person so basically these are the three unique features I think belong to a dog. Thank you. Okay. Sorry. Does it look like a dog actually? Mm. Eagle, okay. One point four or something like that. One point four Euro would make a Pound or something like that. Yeah. Okay, pretty huge margin. So then Mm-hmm. Yeah, that c Okay, you wanna integrate everything into one like Okay. So simplification of symbols you could think of. Mm-hmm. Menu, alright. Uh uh Right, I was thinking on the same lines you, instead of having too many b buttons and make it complicated for the user, may h maybe have an L_C_D_ di display or something like that, like a mobile, yeah and with menus. And if it's s somewhat similar to what you have on mobile phone, people might find it easier to browse and navigate also maybe. You mean to save it lesser number. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm, okay. S It might it might save a b bit of space, it's i instead of looking bulky, it might look small. But it might have its cost implications. Right. Okay. Mm, yeah.
Are we we're not allowed to dim the lights so people can see that a bit better? Okay, that's fine. Am I supposed to be standing up there? Okay. Yeah, I've got Yes. Okay. Hello everybody. Um I'm Sarah, the Project Manager and this is our first meeting, surprisingly enough. Okay, this is our agenda, um we will do some stuff, get to know each other a bit better to feel more comfortable with each other. Um then we'll go do tool training, talk about the project plan, discuss our own ideas and everything um and we've got twenty five minutes to do that, as far as I can understand. Now, we're developing a remote control which you probably already know. Um, we want it to be original, something that's uh people haven't thought of, that's not out in the shops, um, trendy, appealing to a wide market, but you know, not a hunk of metal, and user-friendly, grannies to kids, maybe even pooches should be able to use it. Okay, um, first is the functional design, um this is where we all go off and do our individual work, um what needs need to be fulfilled by the product, um what effects the product has to have and how it's actually going to do that. Um, conceptual design, what we're thinking, how it's gonna go and then the detailed design, how we're actually gonna put it into practice and make it work. Okay, right. We're gonna practice with the pens and draw our favourite animal on the white board, I'll go first, and um sum up the characteristics of that animal. So Okay, I'll leave space for everyone else. Um What's missing? We're running out of blue. Okay. I'm not gonna ask you to guess, I'm going to tell you that's supposed to be a tiger. And I see them as majestic, and independent, and proud. Now, who would like to go next? 'Kay. Is that your lapel then? There you go. Okay, thank you. Okay. Well, as you can see, the quality of the work today is um Gonna be a bird. Is it gonna be it's gonna be a bird. That's lovely. Okay it's fine. Technical help. Hmm. Okay, yeah. A seagu right, not a seagull. Eagle. Mm-hmm. That's lovely. Okay. That was fun, right. Um finance-wise, we've got a selling price at twenty five Euros, which I don't actually know what that is in Pounds, at all. Any ideas? D fifteen? Seventeen. Okay, that's expensive. I think so, I think so, I'll be able to um pull it up, or I could put it in the shared folder or something. Really? Mm. I think Yeah, um production cost's at twelve fifty, so half of the selling price is taken up by building it. Um, and profit aim is fifty million Euros, which is uh Yi yes, um yeah, I presume so. Um Mm-hmm. No, yeah. So yes, yes, I don't think we have to I don't think it's a case of worrying about different languages and things like that, um making that a key point, just that it's going to be in the international market like Australia, America, things like that. Okay. What are your experiences with remote controls? I mean I've got we got um we had three videos, a T_V_ and a sort of amp thing all set up so we got one of the universal remote controls, um that you programme each of your things into, but that kept losing the signals so we'd have to re-programme it every now and again. I think it was quite a cheapie as well, so that might have had something to do with it, but that was quite good, the fact that you could You didn't have six remote controls sitting in front of you. Mm. Yeah, the main that's the main stuff anyway, I mean and you don't want to I hate I hate looking at a control and seeing a million tiny little buttons with tiny little words saying what they all do and just sitting there searching for the teletext button or something like that. Yeah. Um. When they're when you've got the main things on the front of it and a section opens up or something to the other functions where you can do sound or options kind of recording, things like that inside it. 'Cause it doesn't make when you pick it up it doesn't make it really complicated to look at, it's obvious what you're doing, um. What about the older generation? What about granny and grandads? Um, my grandad can answer his mobile phone, but he couldn't even dream of texting or something like that. I don't think they tape things, I don't think they use Mm, yeah, the age gap. Mm. I don't know, I d I don't like the, you know the new phones that have kind of got a Windows-based running system. I find it really confusing, I kept getting lost in the phone, I di I've not got a new one but uh my friend got a new one and I was trying to do things with it and I just kept getting lost, but that's just me. Yeah. Teletext has got that option as well. Yeah. Or what about kind of a dual function? In that you've got the basic buttons just for your play, volume, programme things and also and then a menu to go into with obvious pictures, obvious symbols and that's where you control recording and things like that. Mm-hmm. I think that's a cost thing, I don't I don't know how much we're gonna know about Yes, no that's important. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Um, right, okay we've got half an hour before the next meeting, so we're all gonna go off and do our individual things. Um I think that's probably about it and then we'll come back and liaise again and I get to do another fantastic PowerPoint presentation. Sure. Okay. Mm. I would it would probably. I mean there's Sky remote controls and everything. They're kind of moulded and look a bit different, and the Telewest remote controls are silver plastic, which looks a bit smarter, so yeah I guess that's stuff we can think about. Okay, so let's break it up there. Okay? So, see you in half an hour. I think so, yeah.
So we've got both of these clipped on? She gonna answer me or not? Right, both of them, okay. God. Jesus, it's gonna fall off. A kind of dog? Sorry? Uh. Mm-hmm. Please, please leave me a space at the bottom, I'm little, you can get to the top, with standing on a chair. I think it's outstandingly good. Crocodile? O Beauti that's Okay. Um, I'm very impressed with your artistic skills, mine's are dreadful. Oops this is now coming apart, let me just put the top in. I hope that clicks in, I'll just I'll hold it on, okay. Oops, oh dear, what happened there? Hopefully that'll stay on, two-handed version. Okay, uh Again this is off the top of my head, I was gonna do a big cat too, um. Oh dear, it doesn't look what like what I want it to be. Uh. It's not a vampire bat honestly. Uh and somewhere there's a body behind. That's my dreadful that's the worst yet, that's it's meant to be an eagle you can tell it's a flying animal could have been a seagull, I never thought of a seagull. An eagle, um again I'm thinking on my feet goodness. I suppose they're all so independent, I'd put that one down again. Da dum um. Indepen independent, right, did you say they're good at golf? Are they? Oh. Oh right, okay, I'm not good at golf. I'd say they're quite free-spirited, flying around everywhere, doing their own thing. And uh, birds of prey aren't they, oh dear, intrepid. I'll put that, intrepid. There we go, hope that pen's gonna be okay. Whoops. Seventeen. Seventeen Pounds. Should we be making notes of this? We can just refer to this later can't we? Yeah, okay. Okay. Right. So so I suppose later it depends if we want to undercut the price, we d or or is it going to make our product look a cheapie-cheapie option? Mm. Mm-hmm. In our first year? Mm-hmm. You've got market range international and you did say earlier it's got to be a um accessible and usable by sort of all age groups just t we're not focusing on business market, any particular thing, it's everyone user-friendly to everyone. Okay. Big target group. No. Mm. Alright. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. My experience has only been being given the remote control with the object I buy, not doing any tampering with it and programming, using it to programme T_V_ and uh uh videos and things. But basically on, off, volume up and down, channel one, two, th that basic functions, I don't think I could go any further with it than that, so, I suppose it's got to be something usable by someone like me as well. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. And symbols that you don't necessarily understand, symbols you're meant to understand that you don't. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Actually that just raises a point, I wonder what our design people think, but you know on a mobile phone, you can press a key and it gives you a menu, it's got a menu display, I wonder if incorporating that into the design of a remote control might be useful, so you've got a little L_C_D_ display. With menus, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Can he programme his remote control or is it basic with that too? Right. Right. So that's a problem regardless of of any design modifications you you come up with, that's gonna be a problem anyway with the older generation perhaps, and that's another issue how we tackle that. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Is it possible that that for the older generation you could have like an extra button that you press for large print like you do in large print books? Obviously it displays less on the screen, it displays less on the screen but as long as they can read it that's the main thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. The other thing is, just ch chucking into mobile phone f design features again, it could have a flip top remote control so that when you flip over the top, your screen is you can have a bigger screen in the the flip over. Yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah, like smaller. And there's no reason we need to make it look as fashionable and stylish as a mobile phone, it can still be lightweight plastic, you know? Something that's easily moulded and produced. Sorry I'm treading on your territory guys. Ah right. Okay. Sure b y yeah. But yeah, I mean it doesn't have to be that, you know th that was my main point, we don't have to use metal, I don't know if using plastic does make it cheaper, I presume it would. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. Okay. 'Kay. Do we go back to our room? Yep?
It's sitting down. Yeah I'll have a go. Thanks. Alright, okay. Well since you guys have chosen the ones I wanted to do, I'll have to have to go for something a bit random. And also, my drawing skill isn't that great so, yeah. Okay, now I'm gonna have to change what is was originally gonna be because that looks like a beak now, so. Yeah, it can be a crocodile, it can be a crocodile. Well it was it was an at first firstly it was an attempt at a T_ Rex and then it sort of changed into a pelican but it can be a crocodile now actually. Yeah and uh I'll have to think on the spot of uh things that it is. Um uh scary, uh strong, yeah that's about it I think. Uh uh Wo Hmm. Okay. Uh S Uh Okay, some sort of bird. Ah eagle, right okay. They're good at golf. Yeah, no yeah, an eagle. It's about mm, mm yeah. Yeah, yeah, something like that, so that yeah about seventeen, seventeen Pounds, something like that. But Havi having said that though, if you wanna get one of those the the ones on the market at the moment they're s they're about twenty pounds anyway. So, it'd still be yeah, we had to buy one. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah uh. Use all the ones at the same time. Yeah, 'cause you Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, my grandad's actually better than me at using teletext, so. Yeah. Yeah, what it just needs to be as long as it's sort of self-intuitive and you can can work out what everything's doing, 'cause I mean, menus on sort of new phones now they've sort of got all these pictures and stuff which makes it fairly obvious what you're trying to do. But I don't know how Oh yeah. Yeah, I don't I don't know how for twenty fi, or twelve Euros fifty how much of a excellent screen you could get, you'd you'd have to sort of keep it down to a black and white L_C_D_ thing anyway, I'd assume. Y Yeah. No uh uh Yeah. Just just a quick thing about the um about what you're saying about the uh does does it need to be fashionable? The sort of I I had a quick look at the company website and it's like the the uh we put the fashion into electronics, so I think think the whole design thing might be qui I mean you don't you you can still have plastic and it'd look quite good but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
";The Project Manager gave an introduction to the goal of the project, to create a trendy yet user-friendly remote. She presented a long-range agenda for the whole project. The group introduced themselves to each other and practiced with the meeting room tools by drawing on the board. The Project Manager presented the project budget, the projected price point, and the projected profit aim for the project. Then the group began a discussion about their own experiences with remote controls to generate initial design ideas for making the product user-friendly. They discussed grouping features into a menu and adding an LCD display. They also discussed the look of various materials that may be used in the design, in keeping with the company's goal to create fashionable electronics. 
"Help. It's up there? That screen's black. Alright, okay. Okay, that's fine. Are we done? Right, okay um, this is our second meeting and I might be a bit all over the place. Um, right our agenda for today, do you want us to give you a second? Okay, um I'll go over what we decided last meeting, um, we decided upon a universal control, one handset for all, T_V_, video equipment. Um, that it was important that the product was accessible to a wide range of consumers, wide age range, not limiting anyone. We decided it was important to reflect the company's image in our product, we put fashion in electronics, you know that kind of s thing. Um, our budget would have to affect um try not to reflect our budget, um that we might have a bit of oh oh you can see it, okay. Um dissonance between what our budget was and what we want it to look like. Um want it to look uncluttered, undaunting to the customer. We discussed a flip-open design, um reducing the size of the control and an electronic panel um for further features like programming, things like that. Okay. Um, three presentations, I've got written here so shall we hear from Marketing first? No that's fine, that's fine. Unplug me. Um, F_N_ function F_ eight. Mm-hmm. They are. Okay, thank you very much. Um, would you like to continue on from that? Or, maybe move the laptop over. F_ function. Oh, there. 'Kay. Um, I think we'll chat about it at the end, okay so if anyone wants to write something down that they want to bring up at the end, um Ooh, it's vibrating, that's strange. Oh, God. Right, okay. We just do the best we can. Yeah, you might. Ah. Look at that. Okay. Yeah. Right, um we have new project requirements, um we're not going to be using teletext, um apparently the consumers consider it outdated with the internet now. Um our control is only going to be for T_V_, it's not going to be a combined control, which limits you know all of the different things that it limits the cost for us, but it also makes it easier to understand for the consumer. It says for T_V_ only, so looks like it's just yeah, I think maybe Sky things like that might be incorporated into it, but I don't know, what do you think? It just said, for T_V_ only. But I mean, general T_V_ controls do do video as well. I mean you bu well som you get com you get combined T_V_ and videos don't you? Mm. I think we assume that it's still got play and stop functions and programming. Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, bu We do have a budget limitation that we can't control ourselves, so I think when we can take a cheaper option which still does the same kinda thing um because it is something I it needs to be the thing that you use to find it needs to be something that you don't lose, you were saying whistling, maybe on the T_V_ you could put like a pack on the T_V_ or something so you can't see the remote, you go and press the button on top of the T_V_ and it beeps and you're like oh okay it's over there, something like that, but that's that sounds a lot cheaper to me. Um the third thing was that we have to make sure the corporate image is very much incorporated into the handset. Um so we want logo, we want um fashionable, trendy, I mean what you were talking about with the marketing. Um, people paying more for it to look good. Um, we need to focus on that as well. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. What about you were talking about the buttons, um the controls that are coming out now have kind of big, rubber buttons, not tiny little one, big, rubber buttons, but what about, I mean, 'cause we got to make it original, what about um you know with the touch screen computers yeah? Um so you it's like a little panel that you touch rather than a button which shouldn't wear out as much either, not sure about the You don't have to press it, you just have to put your thumb onto it. Um, think that might appeal I'm thinking kind of Japan, I'm thinking uh young, um office people, trendy kind of a thing. Um, but quite, um, easily labelled so that anyone can oh yeah that's obvious what that's for and it's not daunting to maybe the older generations, um Were too big. Mm. I think we have to design one product and then the company can take it wherever they want to uh in the sense that they can make it smaller, or they can make it bigger or they can change the features slightly, um. It's gonna be the same, so we need to focus on just one thing, not get bogged down in lots of different um possibilities, um. Or a speech recognition, which is extremely expensive, I think that's the only way that you kind of avoid that kind of issue. We are we're talking about um the type of company that we're working for as well. That they want um it to be fashionable, they want it to be trendy and you wouldn't automatically assume associate that with the older generations. Now with the baby boomers, the older generations are actually larger, they have a greater population than us young people, but I don't think we're focusing on that, I think we are focusing on a sort of mid-range um, business kind of class type people. Mm-hmm. Okay, so the remote control functions. Um we've got the T_V_, we've got the video, now there's um I can't remember what it's called, the little code at the end of programme details, yes. We could use that as an alternative to programming in times, things like that, is that I always found that really easy when I discovered it, um because you've got your general record anyway so if you there's a programme on you want to put record on, that's fine, but if you do want to tape something in two days time and you're not sure if you're going to, you put the number in and it's just a number, it's not a date, it's not a time, it's not a channel, it's not when it finishes, it's not anything like that, it's just a number. No. You've already got the numbers for typing in anyway. It is after um if you look in the newspaper, T_V_ guide or any T_V_ guide there's a five, six digit number afterwards and that's the number you put in and it's recorded that it's going to be on on Tuesdays at ten o'clock on the seventeenth so you don't have to worry about dates and you don't have to worry about times, um and it has been around for quite a long time. No it's not um but I think if awareness was kind of brought to the forefront about that Mm. Okay so Mm-hmm. The functionality of it in the sense that you're sitting there, you're pressing this button and your T_V_'s not doing it. Taking your T_V_ and your control and saying look this is what I'm doing, it's not working, what should I do? I think so. Um Instruction manuals. But I mean they're there's customer service, there will be a customer service number thing that you can phone up and speak to and that way there's no call out charge, there's no extra, t the person has to walk to a shop on the high street, um. Mm. But we should focus on making the manual as user-friendly as possible because a lot of them are just tiny little writing and lots and lots of pages. It does, you just put it in the drawer until something goes wrong and then you try and search through it, so that should be something we think about. Um, what other functions? We need I'm not sure if we need a design um decision now, but we should think about c 'cause you've got the dilemma between oh batteries, that's what I was thinking about. Mobile phone batteries, what kinda battery is that? Well they la they they last quite a long time, and if you had uh when you th the thing that you get with mobile house phones, you sit it in its charger when you're not using it or t at night or something, but it doesn't really matter 'cause it never really runs out 'cause it lasts a long time once it is charged. Um, something like that should reduce the size of it. Yeah it could be on that yeah, okay. S Yes. Rechargeable with a docking station. So the rechargeable which would be your field. Okay. Yes, which it is cheaper in the long run as well. Um, th the shape you got trendy. I don't wanna big box with lots of things, you don't want a tiny sort of little thing either, because then you have got the repetitive strain injury no matter how many how much you try and make it simple, um They do. Okay so we've got a flip-screen. Um Okay. 'Cause it's kind of moulded to your hand anyway. Okay. Can you look into the company logo? Um, things that are associated with the company in view to trying to incorporate that into the design of the product. I mean for example, if it was a C_ or something like that, you could have it in a vague C_ shape that opens up kind of like a shell, or something, um something along those lines to be able to incorporate it quite um obviously into the design, while also making it quite different from anything else that's there. Well we need to think about how it's gonna look different. Or you could do um different, like you get with mobile phones, different fascias. You could have different kind of casings. So you could have like psychedelic ones for younger people and sleek ones and Yeah. Mm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Right, I think we have to round it up, um Sure. That was um in cutting down the number that was kinda separate that was cutting down the number of functions, making it simpler so instead of having lots of things you put in for date It's kinda takes the place of having a button to press for the date and having the button to press for the channel, things like that. Um it could be it c It yes, it could be uh adv advertisement feature, um rather than design feature, you know, drawing attention to that. And it also paid um lip service in the instruction manual, 'cause it's very simple so putting it down in words should be helpful. Yeah. Um We've got the buttons but I think we'll work through that with the design of it, um. Yes. Yes. And we've talked about um there being an alarm or something, a beeping for being lost, um. Learning how to use it should be as simple as possible. But there aren't gonna be that func that many functions incorporated into it so it should be fine and the I the instruction manual, I don't know if we deal with that, um. I think Yep, and different from what's out there. Yep, I think that's us. I think you might get guidance, but um I th Instruction manuals, 'cause there tends to be a demonised thing, u um, they're everyone's got like a big pile of them, but no one really uses them. Um. Yes, right. Okay. Right, okay. I think you can email me, if there's any more questions. Um and I'll be able to not answer them.
Okay, yeah I'll go first. Can I grab the Thanks. What do I have to press? Oh, F_ eight? Oh right, yeah. Okay. Maybe Yep there we go. Okay this is uh the working design, presented by me, the uh Industrial Designer extraordinaire. 'Kay, this is where I went a bit mad with PowerPoint so. What the first thing question I asked was what are we trying to design? Well, a device which basically just sends the signal to the T_V_ to change its state, whether that be the power, or the channel um or the volume, everything is just um some sort of signal to change the state of the T_V_ or other appliance that it's sending the signal to. Um, so I decided I'd have a look at what th other people have designed and try and take some inspiration from that. But uh although we will want to be taking ideas from other people, we wanna make sure that our design stands out and I thought that was something that well it wasn't really my area because I'm dealing with the inside really. So um, yeah I ran out of time so I couldn't do this one as fun as the last one. Um and uh I found out that most uh controls use some form of infrared to send signals to the T_V_ presumably because of the cost issue of uh something like uh the same thing that computers use, wireless and, you don't need to send very much information. Um, most of them are powered by some form of battery. Now our one, I'm I'm not sure whether we want to look at the size issue because most of them are powered by triple A_ batteries but those can be quite bulky so I d I didn't know if you wanted to look at something else um so we could shrink down the size of the control. Yeah sure. Um no no, if you if you look at if you look at most remote controls they're quite they're quite chunky and that's because of the size of the batteries, they have to be obviously this certain size to fit those batteries in. Yeah the the well you can you can get the sort of circular round ones but I'm just wondering about power consumption and how much you need to send the data across. Um, and d which leads sort of onto the next point about 'em being small and easy to carry round. Um, now the ones at the moment are small but I was just wondering if we could look at something a bit smaller. Now the main components I came up with um were obviously the power source for the batteries 'cause otherwise it's not gonna work, uh as I said about the w which batteries we were gonna choose, we can uh discuss that later and then you obviously need something to decode the information that you're putting in from from the controller and to turn it into an i uh infrared signal which we're going to use to send the information. Now these have a wireless range of up to about five metres which is sort of suitable for anyone who's watching the T_V_ unless they're in a cinema, which not most people do so as we're applying to the most audience that should be fine. And then I was uh just had a quick look at the external design but I d I left that mostly to the uh interface designer. And so this is what I had as the basic idea of what we wanna do. It's not a proper circuit, I'm not sure if it'd work or not, I'm not even confident that those are the real um the real way you'd wire it up but anyway, we've just got the the power going to the infrared bulb with the chip and the uh U_I_ interface um which would basically, when you when you pressed anything it would the chip would convert it into some form of I_R_ data which could be decoded by the T_V_ receiver, which obviously means that we're gonna have to conform to whatever um whatever form of communication that the T_V_s are already using and since that that's another use and reason to use that infrared because that's what all T_V_s use at the moment. And then finally, um we want uh the it to be available to a wide audience at a low cost so all the components that I've put forward are uh low in cost so that that should be good. Um it should should be different enough um from the alternative products to get a good consumer base, we were talking about it before and also just something that I was thinking about, uh because they're small they're also easy to lose so if we could look into some way of d dunno some anti-going down the side of the sofa thing that you could have, I th that was just sort of a general point there. And that's uh yeah. Alright okay, and yeah, that's that's what I came up with there, so if you wanna Ooh. Function F_ eight yeah. No, no yeah it's just. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah sure. There we go, I've got a bit more of the cable. There we go. Uh you should be able to and yeah, there you go. Okay. Huh. T yeah yeah. I d well I dunno 'cause uh the w if you've g Yeah. If yeah and if you got if you got a Sky box, they have one of those plus boxes, you can record straight off the T_V_ anyway so on to on to like the T_V_ hard drive or so. Yeah. Yeah. Ju um just as an idea on the uh speech recognition thing that pr it'd probably be quite expensive to incorporate an entire speech recognition thing and they're not that great anyway. Alright, okay. Alright, okay. Yeah. Yeah but um on on that again I just thought 'cause you can get those key chains now and you whistle and then it'll let off a loud noise to let you know where it is so I thought that could be quite a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well y yeah you could you could have a number of different designs I mean inside they'd be essentially exactly the same. Just yeah, yeah. 'Kay. Yeah, yeah that's what I was just yeah. No, well no 'cause you wouldn't have to you don't actually have to press them you just Yeah. Yeah. Mm. But also er ergonomics as we're saying with the different designs, ergonomics uh there's sort of physically different things 'cause um if you've ever seen the X_ Box they had to make two different sized controllers because people in Japan wouldn't buy it because the controller was physically to big because um they're c uh just generally Japanese people have smaller hands so they couldn't get round the controller which is uh so if you I don't know what 'cause you obviously you can have bigger buttons for some countries or something and smaller ones for others. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I yeah I was just thinking about how you could combat that 'cause without without doing something where you have to move your arm around to change the channel and it becomes yeah. Yeah, speech recognition, but yeah. Mm. Ge uh Yeah. Video plus. Yeah yeah. Just whack in the number. And you w yeah. And you wouldn't you wouldn't need uh a whole host of extra buttons for that, you just need one 'cause you've already got all the numbers there anyway, yeah. It's not Yeah. It's been been around for a long time it's just it's not very well advertised as to how to use it and things. Mm. Though if y if you've got something like Sky anyway you can just click on it you can just press the button on the programme once and it'll record that programme when it's on and you press it on it twice and it'll record the whole series. So that yeah. But just to have that function would be would be really good. Yeah. Mm. But the only problem is that with a mobile phone you signed for a contract so they um the companies who uh who you deal with have actually they've they've got an obligation to to help you out and also I mean it's it's fair enough to have some sort of help service but I I'm not sure how much the cost would be of having Yeah, I mean I mean instru instruction books I feel c I reckon can cover that. Yeah. Department, yeah. Yeah. And they're yeah, they should be f yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's the uh yeah. Um they're they're specially made for the for the mobile phones, but they come with a charger, I mean you could you could bundle a charger in with it but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and if yeah if you if you had if you had one of those uh just coming back to your other point about pressing the button and setting off the bleeper in the room that could uh Yeah on that as well so. Yeah some sort of docking station or yeah. Yeah yeah th yeah that that'd be fine, and also that would mean they wouldn't have to go out buying batteries all the time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Oh God. Uh, no that's okay, sorry. Um is it okay if I postpone that til later, I just want to get access to a little bit more information, is that okay? Mm-hmm. Could I can I interject to ask a question there, is that appropriate? You're saying the triple A_ batteries are small or the surrounding it? Mm-hmm. Right, the triple A_s are the smallest you can get are they not, right? Oh I see. Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. That's a very important part, it came up in our market research findings too so I can refer to that, whenever you like me to present. No. The plug hasn't come out at the bottom, has it? No. Meter adjusting. Mm. 'Kay. Have I got to keep this here? Does it matter? I'll have t I'll have to move it won't I? Uh, whoops. Will it manage? Bit more, oh dear. Oh. Is that okay? Thank you, just pull it closer a little bit. Get it right over, okay, thank you. Okay, um, I'm going to look at the functional requirements from the marketing point of view and uh obviously our starting point with marketing is always market research. Um, so that's where we started, we used our our usability lab, the company's usability lab, we did our usual selection methods to get a cross-section of the general public, male and female, all age groups from fifteen upwards and um we observed them in the lab, just their general use of the remote control, you can see we had a hundred subjects there. Our findings, lots of findings, I've just summarised some of them here. The overall thing which I've I've got at the top there in italics is that users dislike the look and feel of current remote controls, so it has obvious design implications there. Um, we found that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Eighty percent would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy, we were quite surprised by that finding, but um that's quite a high proportion of our our, you know, international target group are prepared to spend more money for something that's a bit nicer looking. Um, current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user overall. For example, you can see below there, seventy five percent of users zap a lot, so you've got your person sunk back in the sofa channel-hopping. So again there's power implications there. Um, fifty percent of users only use ten percent of the buttons, so again a big design issue there. Um and possibly we can also cut back on cost if we don't have so many functions actually on the remote control. Um the biggest frustrations that people found with regard to personal preferences were um something that you you mentioned earlier, uh remote controls are often lost in the room, it's a slipping down the back of the sofa type of thing, uh fifty percent were were particularly frustrated by that. Uh thirty four percent of people take said they take too much time to learn to use and I think that ties in with the um the previous finding of people only using ten percent of the buttons, they just can't be bothered to learn about the other functions. Um, um slightly more than a quarter of people said it was bad for uh repetitive strain injury. You know those small movements of the remote control can lead to kind of shoulder and elbow problems. Um the vast majority of the thirty five and under age group would like um a liquid crystal display and speech recognition, again that was to aid I think in uh when they've lost the actual remote control, some kind of speech recognition. Something we didn't put to them, but which I'm thinking of now is um even if perhaps the lost control can give off a bleep every now and again til you find it or a flashing light, possibly. Um, that trend reverses in the older age groups. So thirty fives and unders who would like those two features, that kind of evens out thirty five to forty five and in the older age group it kind of reverses, they're not so bothered with this. I had marvellous tables and things that I could show you, but I think I'll just keep it simple, if there's any more information I can email you extra details, is that okay? Mm-hmm, so can we not programme a video with this remote control? Just channel-hopping. Would that imply video use? Mm-hmm, yes. Yes. Um we didn't really look into that but remember we found that finding that most people only use about uh ten percent of the buttons, I think th th those do tend to be the basic channel-hopping things and on and off for the video, fast-forwarding, so on and I think it's sort of general knowledge that people do find programming their videos a nightmare. So I don't know if that's something we need to look at. Mm-hmm. In fact I've just called up that table there, we asked those two questions, the table relates to both questions, so we didn't differentiate. Would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen, that's multi-function remote and would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control? So you can see how the the yes no sort of varies across the age group there, and a substantial number of don't knows in the older age group, I think that's just general fear of new technology. Oh yeah. Right. Mm. Yes. That's a super idea. Yeah. Yes, further market research will be needed to kind of focus on what that is, it's gonna be different for a fifteen year old th for somebody who's sixty and also across the world if we're aiming at the international market. What is um attractive to a trendy New Yorker and what is attractive to a retired South African, I dunno, you get the idea. It's it's gonna vary around the world. At the end of the day, th the engineering design is one thing, it's the user interface design that may and th the sort of you know fashionable aspect of it we might have to change for different markets round the world. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yes it will appeal to sections of the market def Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Th the internal d engineering design has got to remain the same, yes, absolutely. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm concerned, when you read the the R_S_I_ issue again, repetitive strain injury, I don't think just moving your finger around on a small screen is going to deal with that enough, I think that is still a kind of a question mark issue how we deal with that. Um, R_S_I_ tends to be caused by repetitive small movements. I'm j I really can't get my head round this one, this may have to be postponed to a future meeting but it's something we should think about. Mm. I know, and it becomes ridiculous, yes I know. Yeah. Yes. Mm-hmm. Do we have to initially um, you know looking at the findings here, focus on a younger age group initially and then broaden out the market later. Do we really have to go for everyone right away? Um. Mm. And when we've been throwing up our ideas we're automatically talking about business people, young people, trendy people. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. I'm just thinking of budgetary issues too, for when it does get to the sort of broad scale marketing stage, we want to, you know, not waste money, not be profligate and uh you know focus on where the idea will be taken up, first it's most likely to be taken up first of all where the main purchasing power is coming from for a product like this. Mm. Right, I've not come across that function but it sounds wonderful. Ah, hmm. Right. Superb. Mm. Yes. Right. Excellent, mm-hmm. Mm. Right. Can I just run this past you while it occurs to me, I don't mean to quickly jump from one subject to another, but just discussing the different age groups and targeting the different age groups it occurs to me, to produce our own mobile phones, that that's kind of what led us on to comparing T_V_ remote controls with with their design features, um, chain companies like Carphone Warehouse, you can pop in anytime with a phone that you bought for them w if you've got any problems with it and they'll fix it, they'll phone the company, you can use their telephones. Is it worthwhile with with our retail outlets having a a similar um kind of service so that if older users were deterred from buying this, if they know they can just pop into one of our high street outlets, th you know, which button is it I press for this? Th as free as a free aspect of our service, would that not make it more attractive to them? Mm. Mm-hmm. Right. Alright. Yes If it was something as simple as you couldn't change the channel, but I mean for if there were any more or are we absolutely definite it's only gonna be for T_V_ and video, we're not gonna put any okay, just a thought. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Mm. Yeah. Not for such simple functions because we're focusing on that, yes okay. Mm. Puts people off reading them so they just do the obvious, yes. Sure, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. And we don't w I mean so many remote controls look absolutely identical, these long, brown things with the same coloured buttons all crammed in on the s the surface. We definitely an ob an obvious thing, a very simple thing is to get away from these brown rectangles, we don't want that. Mm-hmm. Slightly curved, curved. Mm. Mm. I mean look at the mobile. I think that's that sounds a really attractive idea, I've not come across anything like that before, if it kind of yeah and that opens out into your flip-top. Then it's nice t to h you can make it lightweight plastic, nice to hold in the palm of the hand and just because you're having to actually insert in between the two covers, that's gonna take care of some of the repetitive strain injury trying p prevent a lot of that I would think. I think it's a really nice idea and plus you can get you know even though we're using plastic, you can still I mean think of the designs you can get in plastic, we can do a nice conch shell or scallop shell exterior. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Less chance of it being lost too, it's not like a chocolate brown lozenge that's gonna go down the sofa and people might want to put it on their mantelpiece or whatever as a ki if it looks attractive enough as a kind of ornament they don't not gonna lose it so much either. It's easier to bit nice to handle. Mm-hmm. Okay. Can I just quickly um go over the new project requirements so that I haven't missed anything. So it's no teletext, it's only for T_V_ and by implication video, our corporate image should be incorporated in the remote control, um something about Videoplus. Right. Right. Right, so when they press for programming you it comes up on the L_C_D_, a reminder about using Videoplus? So that they have a look at the guide and Or was is this nothing to do with the project requirements, is this just that was an add-on feature? Uh-huh. Right. Right, so it's kind of doing away with the programming feature? Right. Mm, and the rechargeable batteries. Was there anything else there that we in the new new project requirements? Mm-hmm. That's not at the moment a requirement, it's something we're looking at, what preference so it may come round to market research at some point to see what people would like. Okay. What would you specifically like marketing to look at before the next meeting? Or shall I just sort of generally look at all the issues involved? Okay. Okay. Whoops, questionnaire four. 'Cause we're at lunchtime now I think.
Mm-hmm. Sorry. Yep. Okay. Yep. 'Kay. It can be okay, that's okay with me. further. Oops. Why's it not working? F_ eight, right? Okay. Mm why's it in the right? Yeah, it's connecting. okay. Yeah. Actually mm some of my points might overlap with what William's just mention, but basically my method was like uh whatever brainstorming we did in the last meeting, just a couple of valuable points and started developing on that and there might be some missing loops in this thing which I think we'll uh take a feedback from the marketing because um, I haven't had some marketing data and basically every product is marketable. So purpose, as William already said, I would put it to simplify the interaction with T_V_ to make make it as simple as possible. And to summarise I I would say it's it should be user-friendly by being easy to use, rather than having a lot of complex button because you can have an engineering maybe having hundred buttons and maybe having uh a remote control which has the main features like volume control or channel ch changing the channel or whatever. But we are to to make it unique so that people want to buy it, will this two features together. So what the concept is to have a flip-top model. The main functions such as which are like often used will be on the top and the complex functions which say you you can say like the y young generation or trendy generation want to pr say programme their favourite channels or whatever, can be put in the middle part of the f flip-top. So it's like it could be accessed by a wide ra range of uh audience and we can punch in new f features such as uh added features such as shock proof body and maybe a design to appeal to a lot of people. Findings most people prefer us user-friendly rather than complex remote controls because there are times like uh people have used a remote control for say a year or something and they they are not used maybe thirty to forty percent of the buttons so it's not of no use of punching in the uh trying to put in those things in on the top of the remote control and try to confuse the user. As we saw we we have to make a profit also so we we can maybe go for an economies of a higher production mm by fifty million we said? Yeah, with that I think we'll be able to achieve economies of scale also, so we can give in add in more features and make it less costly. Um, that's so this is if you ask me personally, I would make uh flip-top with a trendy uh uh design and s maybe we we should look at also like the buttons whe whether they are like soft or little hard because they are times when the buttons tend to be a bit hard after uh continuous use usage and all that. So in overall a simple and uh user-friendly design. Uh any comments like, if you want? Okay. I think you'll have to You can't It'll have to this can't be pulled. You'll have to push it a bit more. Yep. Yeah this is more than enough. Okay. Yeah I think you can pull it out now. Yeah. 'Kay. That's fine. Okay. Mm-hmm. Anything about that on the market research or something like regarding whether people want a combined something like that? Ten perc Mm-hmm. Okay. Pens Mm-hmm. Okay. So are we talking of a single model or maybe five, six designs? Sure. Alright. Right. The features could be same and the body could look slightly different. So Yeah. Yeah, uh maybe to as uh it it was indicated that uh uh risk uh of uh repeated use, the injuries, maybe a touch screen could be a better option for that. So, a bigger b okay so y you're dividing designs based on not only segment age groups, you're desi uh dividing it according to the countries also, the market. Maybe for U_S_ and all you can have a slightly bigger remote control and maybe in Japan and all you need to have a small, yeah. Mm-hmm. We could focus on the biggest market. If say people between age group of twenty to thirty five are the biggest market? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. I think it will be too much of an effort for a person to for a phone maybe he might walk down the street, but for a remote he will just refer to the manual and all that. Simple. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So are we talking of a concept of a rechargeable something on the remote? Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay. What I was thinking of a design which Nokia h uh came up with almost six or seven years back. Basically we have a flat one it it looks like a box, like a chocolate. That's very strenuous because your thumb is slightly up, so they came up with something like this, curled up, so here, and you don't have to you don't bend your thumb too much, so it's like uh you can say a banana shape kind of thing, curled up like a boat. G uh so what happens is you don't have to press your thumb too down like. So it's already curled up so your thumb doesn't y yeah so we can have a s like you know moulded according to your the way you h hold of it's kind of semi-circular in the bottom, something like that. I wouldn't say exactly semi-circular but yeah smooth. Current. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. We could look in at that but Mm. What we were talking is to make it more rather than like sea-shells, logo could become as you could put a logo in the corner of uh the model, rather than you know, trying to make it like a sea shell or whatever you were ta telling like. A sea shell? Yeah we could look in at that. Yeah maybe we could come at some say five, six des designs and then choose which are whichever appeals the most like, that could be the most common design. But we can like think of five, six designs. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. For detection, right. Yep, I think True. Oops. We should f I think it's time for us to get back to
";"The Industrial Designer gave his presentation on the basic functions of the remote. He presented the basic components that remotes share and suggested that smaller batteries be considered in the product design. The User Interface Designer presented his ideas for making the remote easy-to-use; he discussed using a simple design and hiding complicated features from the main interface. The Marketing Expert presented the findings from a lab study on user requirements for a remote control device, and discussed users' demand for a simple interface and advanced technology. The Project Manager presented the new requirements that the remote not include a teletext function, that it be used only to control television, and that it include the company image in its design. The group narrowed down their target marketing group to the youth market. They discussed the functions the remote will have, including Video Plus capability and rechargeable batteries. A customer service plan was suggested to make the remote seem more user-friendly, but it was decided that helpful manuals were more within the budget. The group then discussed the shell-like shape of the remote and including several different casing options to buyers. "
"Oops. Mm. After lunch. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Yep. 'Kay. Yep. Fine. It's okay with me. Yep. Regarding those sizes, which one you think will be light because we we have to take into consideration size also, so maybe a standard triple A_ might take lesser space or and dynamo might take more space. Uh Right. Night. And are these like uh what are the life of the kinetic battery, it like it runs for long time? Mm-hmm. Okay. We c Solar would be slightly expensives. It's twelve point f Another question is like sorry. W w which one would last the longest, because we don't want customers to be like you know charging like a mobile phone every day. A remote control, like, so we have to s look at the life also. Okay. So Mm-hmm. Okay. Second thing is yeah and second question is like, a mobile you can change the cover, you call it a skin or whatever. So in this case if you're looking at like a customer can change the colour like from green, parrot green to chilli red or something like that. So is that feature available in like uh titanium, or it's like only specific to plastic or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Something like Alright. That could be a good idea. It could it would be comfortable to hold on also. Sorry I didn't get the last part, you're talking of Just what you said I I didn't get the uh meaning of it completely, you're saying like Uh-huh. Okay. 'Kay. Absolutely, f for somebody who very often, if he would a person who switches channels very often or does use a particular function very often will find it very irritating to use a and he might spoil the touch-pad very fast compared to a button like, if you keep punching with an pointer or whatever. And just one small question before like you are, regarding the circuit, since we are hav having a flip-top, we can customise the two circuits for different type of buttons like we are keeping the standard buttons on the top and the more complex buttons under this thing, so we can divide the circuit like you know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, uh would like to share something which I did here. First thing is uh basically on design we just took the input from the previous meeting, especially from the marketing and industrial design, to check on the customer needs and feasibility. Second is we checked into competitors, the picture here shows one of the standard models offered by competitors here. So y you generally see there's not much of variety and like marketing team said uh, people need trendy, they are bored of black and white. So you generally see rectangular shape, very monotonous kind of designs here. And uh second thing is there's too much of confusion here. No particular remote is standard. Like, some some people have a Here you see this? This is on a I I I found th that uh only common feature is the ch uh channel control and uh volume control, rest other buttons, they are in a very disorganized and they are not consistent th with other models and all. Okay, and second as already discussed with William, we are going to have m maybe a G_ G_U_I_ interface in the f in the middle of the flip-top and g graphic user interface basically which is what we d do in computer, have icons or touch pad or whatever, which is Like you have on a l uh icons or something y you have is a good example of G_U_I_ graphic user interface. So basically not point or click Press any particular device, he just has to click on that particular icon to simplify. And on the top m repetitive buttons which are like volume or channel changing and all could be on the pointing device, that means the use of button. So he need not use a pointer to keep changing the channel if a person is frequent surfer. So we are having a combination of boards, so f on the s simpler board, on the top we have this button, rubber buttons, to keep frequently changing the channels. But Mm-hmm. Okay and you mean to the And the lower distance. Oh f perfect. So the findings are too many cluttered buttons. Repetition of certain but buttons which I already explained, example the volume and channel control buttons. All are confusing and in inconsistent. Okay we had a latest finding of voice recognition, there was a mail which mentions that our division has developed a new speech recognition s feature. We have to check into the for financial f feasibility whether we can incorporate it this at a low cost, but for like we had g um s response from the customers that they would like to have the feature of finding it. So it could be like, where is the remote, and the remote answers I am here. Some kind of thing or it gives a b bleep sound or some kind of sound and if this can be incorporated this would be more uh you can say trendy also? And technologically innovative also. So we we can check into the financial feasibility of incorporating this. My personal preferences would be like, as already uh marketing department, they want something to do with fruit so I wouldn't say the design should be like a fruit, but yeah we can take inspiration from fruit colours, like the vibrant colours, uh red chilli uh tomato red or whatever and second thing is cer certain standard buttons we should have, like for example, i if you see the previous slide uh I think most of the users would now be well acquainted with this cer central pattern, here, so we we we would not change h that particular pattern because i this is the most consistent thing in all remote controls. This is central one, the one you yeah volume and channel. So keep that m that standardised because that's the most common feature across all models, if you look at all the models, it's here. This and voice recognition. The kinetic. Mm-hmm. Maybe we could start with the black and white. That that way we could upgrade later. Mm. Mm. Yeah. And for the sorry. For the body design I think plastic, uh w yeah we could use the body, for the inside and uh rubber as a padding or for the grip, something like to add to the design. Plast right. It's Uh I it's different. Right. Acupressure, you could talk of acupressures. And finally the body should be retouchable, may maybe ch you can change the body or the case casing the case outside, it should be moulded it with the design in such a way you can change it every time. Okay. The rubber. Fine. Yeah. Fine, uh we were talking of voice recognition also because that we are not for how to look it uh remote control if it's lost. So, are we looking at voice? Or maybe like uh William was suggesting in the last thing some devices you put on key chains. For l yeah, the whistle. So we can if financially voice recognition is not feasible we could go for a whistle. Yep. Uh sorry I didn't mention this, but we'll be incorporating in the design. Fine. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Again a questionnaire huh? I think we are pretty going in a clear direction now.
I'll wait until you're all um hooked up. Okay. Put it on in that way. Thanks. Okay. Welcome back everybody, hope you've had fun. Right um this is our conceptual design meeting, um I think we're slightly ahead of ourselves from the last meeting, I th I I think yeah um. This is where we talk about um properties, materials, user-interface and trend-watching. So I think we've touched on a few things to do with that already, but we'll just go over it. Um the minutes from the last time. Um we had a couple of um changes in our plans in that we couldn't use teletext, it wasn't gonna be a control for everything um and that we had to incorporate the image of the company into it somehow. Um we have decided on a leaving out the voice recognition, we've decided on there being a flip design and um a different shape from what's normal. We were thinking a shell, but something along those lines, just a different shape from what's normal, um. You were going to look into the rechargeable batteries and we were gonna think about the port and an alarm for getting it lost, things like that, um and our market was going to be young, business, kind of range. Okay, so shall we start with the first presentation? Yes if you feel It's okay. Yeah. Okay thank you very much. Um let's start from the inside and work our way out. I don't think so, not yet. Um, yes, thank you. I hate those little things especially if you do them on too tight and you can't get the leverage on them to undo them. Okay. 'Kay.. 'Kay. Wa can you explain that? Like a right, okay. How what kind of how l long can you get out of that, I mean can you pick it up and then wind it for two minutes and then that's it for the night? Or That doesn't count though does it? I thought it was U_V_ like Any, any I'm pretty sure that solar is from the sun. Uh, I don't think it counts electric lights no, but I mean not many you don't want to limit your market. I mean people who live in basement flats there's not that many people, but there are people. Mm, but then it would be charging through the day, I think the point is that it charges through the day and then you've got it charged for the evening. Okay. Yeah I've seen But then if you think about a watch, it's on your wrist so it's on your whole bod it's on your body the whole time so you're walking around, you're doing things, it is moving a lot of the time. If you'd I mean you switch the T_V_ on, then you put it on the side, then you pick it up to change it and then you put it on the side. Is it really gonna be enough? Okay. So it's not the draw on it isn't Okay. Like a dual kind of. Expensive as well. What kind of price are we looking at for I presume the normal batteries are the cheapest? Solar. Well they're not designed Practical-wise okay. You do get a bit of wear but don't calculators have a battery in them as well? Mm. Okay, can we add in uh an attachment to closing feature? Can we think about that? 'Cause if we're doing the kinetic thing and it's Well add it in to think about um because, where am I? If it is the kinetic thing and it is small and it is portable and it is a different shape and the kinetic is something people don't do kind of we're doing something original and different um but if you wore it if it's something you could just clip on your pocket then you would have that less, you you wouldn't lose it so much. But then maybe that's looking at someone who's just sitting on their own rather than the eternal battle for control of the controls. No. Okay. Okay, right. Mm-hmm. What kind of things do we have to consider there? Can we what kind of size, does it come in varying sizes or is it just one size and we would have to fit the design of Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Hinged, yeah. So instead of the fascia that comes off being plastic, the fascia that comes off would be the rubber, like those pens that you get with the grip, that you can you can pull that off. Okay. Mm. Well that's been really popular with mobile phones so I don't see why not. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh it would be flat inside. Mm. I think it would be good to have a contrast between, if the whole thing is gonna be this rubber thing it would be good to open it up and see something quite fancy looking inside. Now how would you distinguish, if you had it bare, how would you distinguish where you had to press, I mean Uh Like one of the palm pop thing. It would have to be attached. Okay, we'll talk about that so if you finish your and we'll come back to that. That's you, right okay. No. We're marketing to guys as much as we are to women. Well it's a remote control, you were sitting watching T_V_ are you gonna want to sort of open it and say oh shit I should go and have a shower and do my hair before I put the T_ Yeah, no, no. Mm. Okay. Okay, okay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Which means Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Can we swap that round so th that the ones that we use all the time are on the bottom part? 'Cause if you're thinking about holding it you would be using your thumbs to press, just like a mobile phone. Yeah. That's what I was just saying, and then have the and then have the L_C_D_ at the top and then be able to touch that for the other controls, so have the um the volume and the programme, things like that, on the lower side. Okay. I can't see that, is that play and stop and things? Or is that volume and channel? Okay. Right. Okay. Um I'm not sure how long we've got left, but we need to make a decision about um the things we've discussed. So, we agree on Do we agree on the battery? Yeah. Um, that means that there's no function for li the port, you know that it sits in, then pressing the button then having so we could incorporate voice recognition for the finding it. It's a bi i it's like a g it's a gadget, it's a selling point. I think the only I think the only pitfall that we would have would be how much it's going to cost if that means we have to cut down somewhere else, but I think pretty much we've used cheap relatively cheap and simple things. The L_C_D_'s not cheap. Yeah, okay. And you could yeah. Okay. Do you want like a back-up? Um, okay so we've got battery. The inside components is pretty standardised across the board isn't it? So there's not a really a decision to be made there, um. The buttons what did you give us as our The bare-board L_C_D_ or On the top one okay you've got the touch okay and then Okay, okay. No, it's fine. For the inside. Mm-hmm. Oh I think so, I think so. No I think I we don't wanna be tacky if we've got a kind of different shape anyway um the fact the m the material that we would be using would be cheap, so we could make it red, we could make it um psychedelic, you know, we could make it black and white zebra stripes, but that's not really what we're focusing on, what we're focusing on is the m you know yes. So we could just pick anything. It's just different it's just different from everything else and I mean, I'm trying to imagine um clean looking houses, sort of beige and black um so you either want something that goes with that, which is what's on the market anyway, or you want something that contrasts as you know like you get clocks now that are more of a talking point than an actual clock because they're so interesting and Mm. And you would just have an across the b you would have so many different options that you could do, you could have um a plain black one, you could have sparkly pink glittery ones for your little Mm. And ones tha ones that have rubbery spikes y you know, you could just go so far with it, like a puffer fish, you could just, you could take it wherever, so I think that's quite a flexible thing. Yes. Mm. Yeah. Okay we've got five minutes, um, or that might've been up for a while. Mm-hmm. Have you Okay. Well they do, but I think we can you could well it is, it is, I think you just address that with um advertising. Um, you associate the name with the individual product that it is and that does the work for you. Obviously it'll have a logo on it just like everything, but everything else has a logo on it. The point is that it's got to stand out somehow differently but I think it does, without that so I'm not worried about that. Depending on how i I mean we've got this memo saying that it's something that the company's looking into, so um that seems to make sense, but if it turns out that it's hugely expensive we'd have to cut down somewhere else, then it's worth thinking about. But I think we'll find out more about cost afterwards. Right I'm going to wrap it up there. I got a end meeting now message on my mo yeah so. Um so I think we've probably got it says, closing we have forty minutes so I um think we've probably got about that time before we come back. It's either that or we only had forty minutes to discuss what we just discussed and don't know how long that took. Is everyone happy? Okay.
Yeah, yeah I was getting that impression as well. Etcetera. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay. That screwed in? Yeah. 'Kay, Okay. Um this is uh all about the design of the actual components and the availability of the components we have in stock at the moment. Okay, first uh the Into the method. The the main idea of the whole thing is just so you sh you just press buttons and it should activate things on the T_V_ and we discussed last meeting that it should be easy to find. Um also in this study I've looked into the availability of some of the materials, 'cause some of the things that we looked at last time aren't un unfortunately aren't available. Um, findings, I've got my nice little picture there. This is uh the chip called the T_A_ double one eight three five which is what's used in pretty much every remote control 'cause it sends out standard signals, based on your input and um it's pretty much used for all all T_V_ remotes at the moment. Um and then we we're loo looking into battery options. There's um actually no rechargeable option available, so we I saw the um the standard double A_ and triple A_ which we thought were a bit bit too bulky at the moment, dynamo charging, I thought that that might be a bit silly to be to be honest, people won't it's it's basically like wind-up radio. So you wind up your remote control before you use it. It might You Yeah, yeah, oh yeah I presu you wouldn't have to wind it for very long, but I don't I don't think it's really sort of necessary when you th you think of the next two options, like the the solar charging, 'cause most people have the light on in the room anyway so they could get when when you got T_V_. No. Is it? Alright i Yeah it would the d yeah the dynamo would take more space 'cause you actually need a physical sort of handle to wind up. Yeah, okay. But Yeah and most people most people also watch T_V_ in the in the night anyway. But I I think I think the the next one's the best anyway. The the kinetic charging which is like you get it in r you get it in wrist watches and you d you don't even notice it. I mean the amount the amount of probably moving around you'd be doing all the time would would charge it up, I don't think you'd ever need to actually physically start shaking it up to make it work. Um yeah it's it charges into um some form of it's a smaller cell which it charges into and uh the si the size sort of a watch a watch battery, 'cause they use them quite frequently in watches. And that'll that would l would last for um well I do I d I'm not entirely sure how long it would last but I've never seen one run out. Yeah. Yeah and Yeah but then again I I think it is because if you think about it, the watch, although it's only a tiny amount it's it's um it's always moving for the whole day and they don't run out over night when you leave them on the side. And th for the same the same reason, you're only using it for a v incredibly short amount of time just to send the signal and then you're finished with it and you put it no no I do I don't think the the draw on it would be Mm. Ye yeah I think I th uh g y you could have a dual um power thing but the the thing with the solar cells is you would need to put them on the case and they because, if you lie on a calculator they they're qui they're quite big and they all they all look i identical. They're they're expensive, they don't Yeah the normal batteries would be the cheapest I'd presume then it would actually be the the solar charging ones, um but the It's i I think they're not very resistant to dropping, 'cause if you drop stuff yeah if you if you have y the size you'd need to charge a remote wouldn't be that big but I mean if remotes always get thrown around and stuff, so. Y I think yeah, practically. I mean calculators you don't really throw around a lot whereas remotes you do, they can t Yeah they do, they yeah they've got dual things, but they're the batteries are smaller I think. Mm. W m yeah so the Yeah the the s if you if you had something du uh using the standard batteries and the solar charging, um, I don't think you'd I think the it would d well you know how long the standard double A_s would last in or triple A_s would last. Yeah I think i I think it would, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, well I'll move on. Um, my second part of my findings uh the mo most current remotes use this silicone uh P_C_B_ board which pr printed circuit board, which basically has these contacts that are really close together and then when you press down on the rubber button, it'll connect the circuit and each each switch is connected to two uh different legs on the chip and so sends a different message and that then uh gets translated by the chip into a code and then it's fired out of this L_E_D_ in the sequence of l on and off bursts. Well well this the thi the thing about is um they they can be as big or as small as you want them to be because you can you can print circuit board like that that it's it's simply spaced like that so you can have fit the n the size of the nine buttons in. If you if you see how thin the tracks are, you could you could s you could put them virtually right next to each other and have a much smaller switch on each one, if you if you wanted to but um the there is an option to do to do it like that, or you could have some sort of array of switches which I'll speak about in the next bit so that And then to uh yeah, so to conserve battery life the remote should be in a standby mode no while not being used. Now what I was thinking about that was 'cause sometimes when y when you have these things, they've got little lights on behind the buttons, so you can see what all the buttons are, like on a mobile phone, they do it more often than on a than on a T_V_ remote, but you could you could have lights behind the buttons and um after like five or ten seconds of not being used I'd have that turned off, if we decided to go for buttons that could light up. Um, the case material, I've a been sent what the factory can actually give us, the there's the plastic which I think we were gonna go for anyway as the main case case housing and the the main problems with the well you could go for wood but I think it would be a bit impractical. Titanium um very expensive just to process, which to make it is expensive, and rubber, well you're saying that people like this uh spongy feel this year, so perhaps uh some something made of rubber, but I was thinking more of the buttons, because the buttons which they've they've said that they've they've put across are what is used in some stress ball manufacture and it's meant to be anti R_S_I_. I'm no I'm not sure how that would work because surely your fingers would still be moving over the short distances but that's what they said. Um the problem with the casing is that uh there's quite um there's quite a few design restrictions that they've got on the shape of the case. If you go for titanium they can only do a standard box shape, whereas if you come to plastic they can they can be a little more they can they can do sort of curved shapes. But whether whether or not because we'd have it in two separate units for the flip phone. Yeah. Yeah I th Uh. Yeah in in titanium I don't I don't think it would be available at all really, the ju just it w well you could make it available in the titanium, it was just it would be so expensive to buy a new case for it, because of the expense of how much titanium is is it's light and strong but I think it should be left for aircraft design rather than for for a remote. Yeah, yeah. Rubber, yeah. And you can peel them off yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. T Yeah. Also the just just going back to the interface designs with the buttons, the I kno we were planning to do some sort of touch screen. Now what I was saying before about instead of having you could have just a bare P_C_B_ circuit board and I'm sure you could probably get it in different colours and so just by touching it with your finger it'd make the connection over if you had them close enough, that would be one option. Um the second option th they offer rubber buttons, but I thought that an L_C_D_ type of screen 'cause one they're incredibly thin um and don't take up much space, two they you can have them in a sort of array and you can arrange the buttons on the screen in a sort of set thing and you could have them like a touch display. Uh what what Oh on the on the L_C_D_ screen you could becau you could fit it the problem with it basically is that it's flat and so you can't do lots of curve curved things with it, but um you can you wouldn't have with the L_C_D_ you'd have the wires coming off, you wouldn't have that with the with the L_C_D_, you'd only have that with the printed circuit board. With W also with the Yeah. You could have a flat screen inside, yeah, but I'm just wondering whether we want an L_C_D_ screen inside. It wouldn't be like full colour, it would just be black and white, but there'd be touch touch buttons, so you wouldn't be pressing down on 'em, w or we could have rubber buttons which are made of this material which is anti-R_S_I_. Is rubber. Mm. Yeah I hadn't I hadn't really thought of that to be honest. Yeah you could, you could have some sort of stylus that you could pull out but I I think they could get a bit easily lost, 'cause I had Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah okay. Yeah that's yeah that that's the end of m my Yeah. Uh yeah. Yeah yeah that that would be fairly simple, I mean you'd you'd actually have two separate you'd have two separate circuit boards but they'd be joined by wires or like some cabling between them, 'cause in the in the actual flip bit you'd have some linking. Mm. Um. Yeah. I mean you can you could do it, you could have a 'cause if you if you just put the full charge through an L_C_D_ display it'll completely blank it out, but I don't know if you could get any mirror effect on it, I'm not sure about Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you if yeah if you have like buttons that appear on the screen in this L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah but you can do it with your thumb li Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah we Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah I think I mean if Yeah it is it is qui it's quite a cool feature to have and also if they've got it if they've got these parts already in stock, then it won't be cheap to re-manufacture them, uh or it will be cheap sorry to re-manufacture them. So do you reckon that's a good idea that, where's the remote, I'm here thing? I think that would be quite fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah to s th well it's it's not as expensive as it would be if it was full colour 'cause if we've just got a black and white one, I mean they use them in calculators so. Yeah. Well you cou um. K no the kinetic ones come come with um a sort of w watch a battery that goes in a watch. So it's a lot smaller, so it would Yeah. Yeah the well I think were we're going for the L_C_D_ on that one, on the buttons, on the on the on on the top one we're gonna yeah. On the bottom we were gonna have the rubber, the rubber ones, the anti-R_S_I_ ones. Um, okay on we've got the flip the flip-screen, the top one is gonna be the L_C_D_ and the bottom one is gonna be the rubberised buttons. Plastic, okay. Yeah. Mm no. Mm. You can you can just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah j with these rubber these rubberised ca not the actual uh plastic outside case, just the rubber thing that goes round the outside. Oh yeah, yeah the whistle ones, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, depending on the expense of it. And they've got in stock, so yeah. Yeah. Okay. Did it?
Oh good grief. 'Kay. Oh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Shall I? Okay. We just connect up. Thank you. There we go. Okay um so we decided on our market and so this feedback from the marketing department is really about trend watching. Um the methods we used to decide on uh current trends and so on, market trends, were that we did our traditional uh our usual market research study uh with a hundred subjects and the the general feedback from them is that the most im uh w I'm sorry I'm slightly tongue-tied after lunch, sorry Project Manager. Um we decided on the most important aspect i uh required in a remote control device and we'll come to that later. So that was one of the first things we did. Also with our company um being forerunners in uh putting fashion into technology, we also looked at a fashion update um using our consultants on fashion and design in Paris and Milan. Uh so the general findings from that was uh in the market trends the most important aspect for remote controls were people want a fancy look and feel, rather than the the current functional look and feel of remote controls. They also also want a remote control to be technologically innovative, and of course, as we predicted, that it should be easy to use. Now I should point out that the first of those findings, fancy look and feel, is the most important, is twice as important as the second, technologically innovative, which is in turn twice as important as being easy to use. So possibly that the feature that we put first is actually third is still important, but it's third in order of preference for the the subject group we looked at. Okay, um, now the fashion update which relates to very personal preferences among our subject group, um we found from our um consultants in Paris and Milan who des attended all the design and fashion fairs there, that fruit and vegetables are going to be the theme for clothes, shoes and furniture. So should we be thinking of using something like that in our remote control design too? There also seems to be um a trend towards a spongy feel to materials, uh again in contrast to last year. So a lot of interesting feedback there, both from our market research departments and from our people in Paris and Milan. Be interesting to see what our design people make of that. Unless anyone has any questions about that? Not yet? 'Kay. Okay. I know. Does does light charge as as sunlight does? Artificial light? Has to be solar. Mm. Artificial light, no. That's going to I know, different parts of the world too, if we're if we're marketing internationally. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Could I just ask referring back to solar charging, is that compatible with um standard batteries? I mean, could people put standard batteries in but with a s you know they could leave it in the sunlight for solar charging or the two things not compatible? Mm. So that affects the exterior design. Mm. Again it de Mm. It would just detract from the attractiveness of the of the whole feature, i it's not gonna add anything, okay. Shouldn't we do some market research on that first before we add it in because I I personally right, okay. It's not something that's come up in any of our uh focus groups and market research, it's not a thing that people are looking for when we threw it open to the field yeah. But it's something to put on the side to think about maybe. Mm. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. It does mark quite easily too if you let it fall. I've got a mobile phone myself which is titanium and it does mark very easily if you drop it. I was just wondering if we make the basic mould out of plastic but have like a rubber cover that goes over, that would give the spongy feel, that also allows us to kind of have different fasciae for the phone. Like a rubber sleeve almost, yeah. Mm. Mm. Very cheap way of changing the look of it and people can just buy a new one if they want to. Mm. Yeah. Mm. I don't s sorry to interrupt, I don't see why the curved thing is a problem, if we for example had a shell, once we open that yeah, so it'd be f yeah, yeah. Have I misunderstood you? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I just had another idea, I don't know if it helps with that, but just to do with the R_S_I_. Is it possible, just as an option, when we open it up, people can use their fingers to press the button, or we have inside like a small pointer thing when people want to. Mm. Yeah. They're easy to replace as well, cheap. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah just a thought they wouldn't actually need one and they could use anything they've got, couldn't they? A pencil or a pen, so they wouldn't really need a Mm-hmm. I'll just raise another point while it occurs to me, it kind of applies to both our designers here, so I'm not sure how it would fit in. If we flip open, now you know how you've got some mirrors in nightclubs that are mirrors when you turn to them and you turn away and it gives like an advertising display, you seen those? And they kind of respond to the turn of your body. Is it possible that when we open our flip-top shell it's a little compact mirror and when you press a button it then goes onto the phone display th uh the remote control display thing. They don't look at themselves? Just a thought. Yeah. I know what you mean, it's with us using the ideas for a mobile ph it's with us using the ideas for mobile phones I kinda got sidetracked onto that I think, okay. trying to think of other features we can build in that wouldn't cost too much but maybe we'll leave that one on the side. 'Kay. Mm. Oh I think forget about the mirror that was just a very quick passing thought yeah. Sorry what does that stand for? Okay. No you'd hold it you don't if you flip it open then you'd be Wouldn't you? Isn't that the idea? You us if we just use the shell as an example again, you open that, you've got your L_C_D_ display there and you've got the buttons there so you're holding it in the palm of your hand, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Kinetic? Mm. Mm. Hmm. Yeah, we talked about kinetic charging, we've deci seem to have decided on that, did we decide on double A_ or triple A_ batteries? No, one of the decisions we had to make was whether we had double A_ or triple A_ batteries 'cause they've still got to be charged this way haven't they? I oh I see. Right, okay, got you. Got you on that okay, didn't realise. Sorry could you repeat that last part? L_C_D_ screen. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm, so we decided on a rubber casing for the plastic shell, a variety of designs, okay. and it is just uh although it's rubberised and spongy, apart from that we're just going to go for sort of vegetable and fruit colours, we're not gonna try and make it actually a vegetable or fruit design or anything else, like a shell that we discussed, just go for the colours. Okay. Mm-hmm. The feel. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Is that going to be this image I've got in my head of something kind of shaped like that, maybe about that size, made of plastic, fits into the palm of the hand, rubberised cover that's spongy. Is that really going to fit fancy look and feel which was the major thing that people wanted, market research, is that fancy? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'm just kind of pushing at that to see if you came out with anything else, but I mean I totally agree. We looked at those remotes, I mean they are kind of anonymous, very similar looking things. This would definitely be different enough, I just wondered if anybody could come up with something even more Well the thing is the rubberised covers are going to be s relatively cheap to produce, that if in a year's time we we get feedback from the design fairs that show something else is coming I mean it's so easy for us to just produce that and it can be slipped on, which is another beauty of it. Mm, so can I just recap uh Sarah, for the decisions that we've made, kinetic charging, the watch-type batteries, um L_C_D_ display on th the top side of the flip top, rubberised buttons on the bottom side, we're gonna use fruit and vegetable colours for the rubber cover, the case itself is plastic. That's how far we've got, what else do we have to add to our decisions here? Mm. Yes, it was just, there was just a cost issue with that, but it's a good idea we just need to check on the cost, is that right? And incorporating the company logo? Mm. 'Cause I took it from the feedback you gave in the last meeting from y from y your report, it's not just a case of having a little R_R_ hidden somewhere, they do want it to be obvious that it's our product don't they? Since it's the only one of its kind on the market it's obviously gonna be ours. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Did we I know at the last meeting we spoke about a beeper, I think that was you talked about a beeper for a location, have we just rejected that in favour of voice recognition then? You got to go through.
";The Project Manager reviewed the decisions from the previous meeting. The Marketing Expert made a presentation on trend watching, including trends in user requirements and trends in fashion. The Industrial Designer presented all the components of the device and announced that several of the features already discussed would not be available. He suggested substituting a kinetic battery for the rechargeable batteries and using a combination of rubber and plastic for the materials. The User Interface Designer presented his main interface design, which included buttons for the most frequently used features and a graphic user interface on the LCD screen for other functions, to keep frequently used features easy to use. He announced that speech recognition was still an option to consider, depending on price. The Project Manager then began a discussion to decide what was going into the final design. It was decided that a kinetic battery would be used in place of a rechargeable battery, that the remote will feature an LCD screen and rubber casing and rubber buttons, and that interchangeable rubber covers in fruit colors will be available. Speech recognition may be included if it is not too costly. 
"Is that for us? Okay. Yeah, shall I show? I'll show. Though do you do you wanna do you wanna sh do you wanna hold it and I'll I'll show you the presentation. Can I just nick your Whoa. Going a bit crazy over here. Thank you. Okay, so this is our look and feel presentation, the final our final presentation. And we'll first look at the exterior of what we've uh come up with over there. Um It's gonna have a a plastic body um with a sort of standard colour, either we're thinking some something fairly neutral like a a white or a light blue or something. This is underneath the rubberised the rubberised uh outer casing um which there'd be sort of a wide choice they would be attached, but we can we can come up with that. Um the um wide choice of colours and sort of patterns, so you've got you've got a lot of customisation with it. Um it's obviously an a sort of clam-shell design and uh the um the top L_C_D_ screen that you can see that would b would be sort of um how do you say, it's yeah yeah, it would be sort of inset into the into the top and the buttons at the bottom would d so so it'll fully close flat. Yeah, yeah. And working on the inside we've um already said d decided on the kinetic batteries, which actually, thinking about it now, could y could also probably attach to the flipping open and shut as well, so that you could probably get a bit of Yeah. Yeah. Um we decided that um the voice recognition system, it did actually say on the email that they were sort of coming in and they were fairly easy to get a-hold of, so we presumed that they'd also be quite cheap. So you'd have something like where you'd shout out, where where is the remote and it'll shout back, I'm here, or something. And then yeah. It wo it won't shout out I'm here or something. It'll just shout out I'm here, or something to similar effect. Uh yeah, if it was going like I d well tha that could be something for next time, maybe. You can have a remote that tells you exactly where it is. Um the standard, there's be a standard transmission with the T_V_ using using all the standard chips that we've talked about. Um it would it would have obviously 'cause it's split over two two different layers, it would need two separate P_C_B_s, so it would be joined at the hinge through some sort of cabling. And uh because, obviously, all T_V_s use this, the same infrared medium, we'd just be using using the same thing to transmit the data. And the infrared um sender would be on the on one of the bot the bottom layer, just at the front of the we haven't I don't think we actually put it on. Yeah, yeah, something like that. Yeah, on the front on the front side of that, yeah. So when you've actually got it open, it would be facing the T_V_. And then finally um on to the interface. The top screen, as we said, is would be an inset um black and white L_C_D_ s touch screen which yeah would uh have all of all of the the available functions for for the remote on it, uh whereas the bot the bottom screen would just contain the standard buttons, like the vo volume up and down, channel up and down, power on and off, and uh things to that effect. And now we've we also decided on the inside, we could possibly either have um some some kind of sort of bezzled uh logo on it, or something inset, or maybe an engraving of the logo on the top. No d not not actually. No, not uh interfering with l the whole look of the the product when it's uh on the thing. And finally that's how we put the fashion back into electronics, as that is that's the company logo. There you go.. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, I'd uh yeah I'd probably put it uh two yeah, two or three. No, three. Three. Mm yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'd give it a one. No, no, not at all. Yeah. Two. Two. Yeah. D_. One. Yeah. Yeah, that's No, no, the the base colour was um white or or like or l sort of a light blue, but the changeable fa faces would uh allow you to get any basically any one of a number of colours that uh th it's full sort of customised. Yeah, yeah, yeah and No, no, 'cause th that's that's the the spongy feel would be in the rubber that you put round it, that otherwise it's just sort of hard plastic. Yeah, I'll give it a one as well. Yeah. Mm. No. Yeah. It's meant to be. Yeah. Yeah, I'd uh I'd f I'd go for a five, actually, 'cause Yep. Yeah. Yeah, it was it was uh a voice voice recognition, yeah. Yeah, yeah, that yeah, that's feasible. Um I think it would r I think it would probably be a a stand it would be a stand it would be quite loud. So it would be s p yeah. Yeah. Yeah, one. I do realise that we might be being fairly biased, 'cause it is our product, but W I thin yeah, I think yeah. Mm. No. Yeah. It was a regular chip on print and Oh, no, no, no, the um Yeah, it's you you've put in three for the number of kinetic cells, there should just be one. In the top, it's the number of c yeah. Yeah, and yeah, just a no, one reg v uh Yeah, one of them and one sample sensor and sample speaker. And they're double curved. No. Y Two, 'cause it's two. Yeah, I'd say I'd say it was w yeah, I think I think it's One double-curved. And one no, 'cause one yeah, one's double-curved, and then the other one's a plastic. Yeah. And special colour. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, that's it's as an extra. So that shouldn't that shouldn't be actually on there, because that's not incorporated in the cost of the remote you get. Yeah, okay. Yeah, the push-button's one and L_C_ display one. And buttons Well yes. Yeah. No, we'll have No, no, you've got to click off to calculate it again. C it might uh you might you might be assuming that that is in Euros. It could be in Dollars. And then it would be fine, because the exchange range would make it about twelve. No. Yeah, the standard, it um it would make one difference. The biggest one would be taking away if you took away If you to Yeah. If if you take away the voice, I I do I don't like to say it, but if you take away the voice recognition, then you've got it. Yeah i yeah. No 'cause it's samples sens sample speaker. If you took away that, that'll make it twelve point three five. They n n yeah, but you p minus three plus two. Yeah. But they but I mean in I don't see why we have to sell it for twenty five Euros now, because they w they were saying they were quite willing to pay more for better product. Yeah. We c we could s Yeah, we could say Yeah, I s And then say we recommend Yeah. Yeah. That'll do it. Twelve point three five. Is it twelve point fif was it twelve point fifty? Ah. Okay. Yeah. No. 'Cause that that was just a bought-on extra, you could just take that out and that would be fine, yeah. Yeah, I think that's brilliant. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'd say, as a team. Yeah. Find out from each other, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, I thought it it went really well and I yeah, I I feel that everyone was listened to and all the points that were raised seem to have been sorted out, although we didn't quite make the voice recognition in there, but that's that's good. I think it would have made it into the final product if it was actually if if if we'd seen the marketing before the initial specification was put out, I think maybe it would've come out a d little different, but yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, well. Discuss which ones yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think we probably woulda used the outer email system more, had we actually had had more time and if we'd been separated more. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Vegetables. Yeah. No. Yeah, I do I don't think the the companies are really concerned. They're just like we've got a D_V_D_ player, does anyone remember the remote control? Can't you get the one that we used for the last one? Yeah, just jazz it up a bit. Uh d they don't really think about it, because normally, the remote control isn't the product which they're trying to ship. They're trying to ship the D_V_D_ player, the video player, the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Well. I think that was just the the physical. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think yeah I don't from the market research. No. Yeah, it was I it's top secret. Um it's it is it's a conspiracy going on here. That's what it is. In your yeah. Okay. Is that it then? Awesome. Was that not the questionnaire for the how you felt you'd done in your thing? I don't think. Yeah, the the s yeah. I think yeah, questionnaire seven was the one I did just before the meeting. Mm.
Is that someone's? Okay. Or something. Well done. Certainly. Logged in? Thank you. Oops. Okay. This stage of the evaluation is really for us as a team to evaluate if we have now got a product specification and prototype design that meets the the criteria that we got from our market research. So this is the first stage of the evaluation. Now, the collection of the criteria, as we saw in our previous meeting, was based on the user requirements and trends found in the marketing reports and marketing strategy of our company. So it's what we've discussed in the last meeting, are we actually meeting those trends and requirements? Now the findings that we came up with, just a recap, are here. The criteria that we want in this remote control are a fancy look and feel, technological innovation, it should be easy to use, it should incorporate current fashion trends, and those the two main ones, they were the spongy texture and the fruit and vegetable strong design colours. The design should minimise R_S_I_ and be easy to locate and we were still um uh slightly ambivalent as to whether to use voice recognition there, though that did seem to be the favoured strategy, but there was also, on the sideline, the though of maybe having a beeper function. Okay, so we can come back to that slide, if you don't have a note of those. I'll just show you how we're going to evaluate our own feedback to this, to what we have so far. We're going to use a seven point scale, where one is true and seven is false. We look at each of those criteria that I've just mentioned, I'll call that slide back up, and I will just do a preliminary rating of all those criteria on the whiteboard here. Does that seem clear? Any questions there? So we're going to look at these crite Yes, we're going to come to w we'll discuss each one and we'll come to a consensus rating between one and seven. Is that okay? One is true, seven is false. Right. So I won't write all of that out again. It will just be criteria one, two, three, four, five, six, or A_, B_, C_, D_, E_, F_ to confuse it with the number rating. B_, C_, D_, E_, F_. This is where I realise how tiny I actually am. Criteria and rating. Actually, it might be an idea, if we each did give our own individual rating, and we could take an average at the end. How about that? Okay. So I'll just separate the ratings by obliques, and if we go one, two, three, four, we know who's who. Okay. Criteria A_, the fancy look and feel. How do we feel about this prototype model relating to fancy it is a fancy look and feel. One is true, seven is false. My own rating for that would be a two. One is true and seven is false. I'll just go this way. Two. Okay. Two. A four, okay. Adding those up, we've got a six and a five, eleven divided by four is what? Uh two and three quarters, it that right. Two and three quarters? Okay. Two point seven five, there we go. Okay, criteria B_, criterion B_, technologically innovative. I would give that a three. Okay. Not that you're biased in that it the designer. The average oh, for you? You want your rating to be a two? Is that what you're saying? Okay. So, I'll work out the average for that again at the end. It's a very slightly altered Okay, and we're just waiting for your rating f Two point five, okay. Losing one decimal place, that's okay. So what are you rating for this one, Paw? Two, okay. So that is eight. That brings it down to two, nice and simple, yeah. Okay, ease of use. Easy to use? Based on what you've said there, I would say a one, true. Two. A two, okay. Two. I should've said a two to make the arithmetic easy, shouldn't I? We'll just put almost two, because I'm not gonna get into silly decimal places. Okay. Or we or if we want to really bring it down, we can do later. Um mm now we're looking at it incorporates current fashion trends, now that's particularly in relation to our market research findings about the spongy texture to the exterior and the fruit and vegetable design colours. Right. So I'm just thinking, before I give it my rating, you were limited in the use of materials for your prototype here. Is this actually going to be the colours that you would use? Right. So we could use any strong fruit and veg colours and that's what we're intending to do. Okay. And the spongy feel is no problem with that. Okay. In that case it's got to be a one for me. Yep. Everybody? Okay. That part was nice and easy. Okay. Uh moving on to does the design minimise repetitive strain injury. I don't think we've really touched on that a lot. We've we've discussed it, we haven't really come up with anything that we felt could feasibly reduce that. We've talked about pointers, but the very use of a remote control, if you're someone who's zapping, who's sitting like that, and we found so many people did, how do you minimise that on such a small device? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. I think I'm gonna have to be neutral on that and give it a four. A five, okay. Four and a four okay. Twenty one is that twenty one? So that's four point two five. And finally, last but not least, easy to locate. Now we talked about voice recognition, we talked about a beeper, have we really have the designers come to any dec real decision on that? It was the I'm here thing, yep. And are we happy with the costs on that? That is going to be feasible, cost-wise. That sounds good then. I'd go for a I ca we can adjust the volume on that, just as we could volume on T_V_. So if sombody's in the other room or if T_V_s in different rooms, or. Right. Okay. You built into the feature. Okay. Logical. That's a one for me. One and one, good. So, how do we feel about this? We've got our our we've got the highest rating of meeting the specifications that is definitely true for two of the uh six criteria there. That is for um incorporates current fashion trends and is easy to locate. The lowest rating we've got, which is really n it's not terribly low, i it's close around neutral is for uh the minimisation of repetitive strain injury. Do we feel on the basis of tha of these evaluation findings that we can go ahead and now produce this as a prototype and market it, or do we have to make further modifications? We happy to go ahead? Yeah. I think for most of those ratings that it's high enough at the upper end of the scale for us to go ahead with that, and I really doubt if on the basis of current technology and our current capabilities, we could actually do much more to minimise that. I know. Okay. Well, I hope that's uh clear to the team. Is there anything you would like to to ask me about the findings before I sum up? Good. Fine then. I'll just leave it there. Oops. Oh yes. Yes. But it has a slightly flattened bottom so it can sit. So it can rest. It would just be a flat bottom with one curve. like a domed thing. Mm. The other curves at the sides, but it's slightly flattened at the bottom so it doesn't roll over. Yeah. What does it mean if you put point five for that? Mm-hmm. Right, okay. But it is gonna be part of the total cost, and there's nowhere else we can we can put that in, is there? There's nowhere else we can code for the the rubber used in the casing. So do we not have to account for it in the cost somewhere there? Okay. Mm. Might do, if we go for some of the more exotic aubergines and such like colours. S Has that not made any d if you click off that square now, has that not made any difference? Is it oh, it's brought it slightly down. So is is uncurved completely and just actually making the rubber case the curved thing, is that going to make a difference? Oh, it's not made any difference, has it?. It's gone up again. Oh. It's brought it down slightly. Is there anything on the menu No. If we tr um. If we moved away from our much loved idea of a kinetic battery and just went with the standard batteries, would that make a huge difference? And people are used to buying batteries, they're not gonna say I'm not getting this, 'cause I've got to buy a battery for a remote control. Should we see what difference it makes? Um Yeah. Sure. But we're still working to um head o We can put in our recommendations. If we if we're working to head office specifications as this is what this project team's working for, we can put in our recommendations for what we've we've found and what we the consensus that we've come to as a result of the meetings. But we need to work to that specification to start with. And I think the voice recognition sounds wonderful, but our object is so distinctive that that in itself is gonna make it easier to locate as a f you know in a first instance. Um as you say, we can offer the voice recognition initially to business class customers and so Mm. Yeah. 'Cause we've done all the background work to go for that if they want it. Yeah. So if we take voice recognition out we are. Are you sure? Sorry, not meaning to doubt your words there. Right. Are they really going to quibble about ten P_? Or point zero one of a Euro? Which is less than ten P_. That's today's kick off meeting,. Mm. I thought that's what it was. So we're okay. Although we had our separate tasks, there was so much interaction, so much that we needed to um bounce off each other. And I've certainly felt heard, listened to in that in relevant areas we've been able to, you know, give and take and adjust our remit where necessary. Yeah. Maybe we should think of branching out into children's toys and fake mobile phones as a side line. And fake R_C_s. How do we evaluate the materials we had for communicating and sharing information? Could it've been better, was it adequate? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. It's really borrowing from other areas, it's, you know, bringing things from other areas in, it so it's I mean nothing is new, but it's applying it to a d in a different area. Absolutely, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the focus isn't on to that, yeah. I think it's really good that this has been very market research based, because just going back to mobile phones, I mean this is the first change in remote control devices that I can really, you know, say is is obvious and visible. We see it in mobile phones a lot, and tha that's where we've borrowed a lot of our ide our ideas from. There are innovations in that that people don't really want. I see people wanting a model of the phone they were really happy with, and they can't get it anymore and it's innovation for innovation's sake, and I think it's wonderful our company's so R_ and D_ based. Yeah. But forcing it onto people, yeah. It's things that, you know, they might want to buy the thing they really want. Mm. Mm. Or there isn't a cover to fit it or whatever, yeah. See I think I think it was just the produc uh just the production cost of the phone. Mm-hmm. But I think in the remit that we were given, it was very specific. I think we've done what we were required to do, and I think there'll have to be another project team or a new project for us to look at at those kind of things. I don't think that's something we have to look at and find a way of raising the cash for. I think we've done very well to get within budget and it still makes such an innovative item that I think people are really gonna want. I know. Maybe it will. Maybe they are gonna steal our ideas and sell it. Mm-hmm. Questionnaire. Questionnaire done. Oh, I didn't have to rate you on how much you influenced the meeting this time. Oh, right. But do we not sometimes evaluate in these meetings too? Yeah.
If you leave them on the whole time you get to look like a noodle the whole time. Is that. three, apparently. Okay, you all switched on. I presume we're good to go. Okay, um minutes um we decided to use a kinetic charger, standard chip, um 'cause it can come in various different sizes, it wasn't uh uh gonna be a problem factor. We wanted a stand-by function. The case material is gonna be soft, rubbery, changeable. Um buttons with a combination of L_C_D_ and rubber according to the design. Um bright funky designs inspired by fruit, keeping with the hip kind of feel. Um and to try and incorporate voice recognition software into our design until we can find out more about the cost of things like that. Um and the rubber buttons that we'll use will be anti-R_S_I_. Okay? Prototype presentation. I think that would be you. Make sure the camera's Yes, yes you can. Wait a second, I'll get it out. Um Okay. You should have one of those things and you can just take it off. Ta-da. Right. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. So it's flush. Oh right, okay, yeah. So put it in the top section rather than the bottom sections, 'cause it's the top part that's okay. Okay. I'm under the sofa. Or, that would be too complicated. Infrared. Like here. Okay. Actually, no, it would be it would have to be on the on the front. Oh right, yeah, okay, yeah, I've got you. It's still pointing, yes. Yeah, that would make sense. Okay. But not interfering with the outside kind of look of the product once it's Okay. Thank you very much. Wrapping it all up, okay. Um I've now got evaluation criteria. It's to be presented. Okay. It's quite similar to what it was before, though. Sorry. Mm-hmm. Okay. Just write small. Yeah. That works. Mm-hmm. I would agree. Okay. I would say two. A two. It's just two point five for that one. I would say a two. I would say a two. One point seven f five. Okay, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. One. Well the type of button that we're gonna use in the bottom half, the material, minimises R_S_I_ it's meant to. Um maybe because it's slightl with the size that we've got it's quite small, but with the amount of stuff we're putting on it isn't that much. So maybe because there's more space, it's not kind of moving around trying to hit accurately the buttons in between. It's quite obvious just big buttons. Um Four. A standard. It would be. And if you didn't hear it in the room that you were standing in, then you'd realise that it wasn't in that room, you'd go into another room. One. I don't think so. I think we yeah. I think we're set. Do much apart from having a huge big Don't think so. Okay, thank you. Okay, I've got finance here now. I'm gonna plug this in so you can all see it, if that's okay. Um. Thanks. Right. Now I presume that the screen will go blank, that um Okay. We just type numbers into this and we come out with the final value. So are we still on for kinetic? Okay. See, it woulda been handy to have this at the beginning. Um it might have influenced our choice. Right, what's happening with the electronics? Double-curved. Oh, right, okay. Thanks. So, would there be two? One chip. Okay. One double curve. So what's a single curve then? So just one double Yeah. Um Mm. Um we've got plastic and rubber, haven't we?. Um Do you think? Okay. It would be like saying we're using See, it says case material. So we're not actually using plastic in the case, are we? It's including, it's including. Okay, we'll just put it in as we'll put in as half. Or sh we should just put it in as one, because the plastic is zero anyway. No, we don't step on anyone's toes. Okay, special colour, do we need that? N yeah, okay. Interface. Buttons Has that not gone up? Oh no, it was seven five it's changed not a lot. Oh, it's not calculated it. Okay, there we go. It's not a lot though. We haven't been dealin we haven't been dealing with dollars though, I think Okay, so the highest we've got is the electronics here. Um and the interface. Where's the where's the voice recognition? Right, okay. Well the kinetic is three. If we change it to the battery it's that's minus three. Oh, right. I keep seeing zero. Um We can do it some other way, we can do it doesn't have to be voice recognition. We could do the voice recognition for, you know, business class or something, you know, like an upgraded version. You could choose to have that or not. So should we just change the design specification then? Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, we can make the price fit, and then say if we'd had our budget, we would've had this, because it also sets it apart from the crowd. They like their gadgets, they like something that's completely different. It's s something completely different associated with your company. Right, okay, so It's two point five. No, it's twelve point two five. Yeah well two, twelve point two five times two is twenty five, isn't it? I think the agenda one was where the um price was, wasn't it? No. Twelve point five. Well done, people. So is that uh got us covered for the electronics then? We don't need something else to take that place? Okay. Okay. Right, so we've done that. Okay. Product evaluation. We've done room for creativity, haven't we? Because we've got decisions that we would have made that we weren't didn't feel able to make. Um I presume we discussed leadership and teamwork. um in the sense that um did you feel like a team? Or did you feel like uh autonomy? Mm-hmm. Thank you. How did you find it? Yeah. Yeah. I liked the fact that we could say an idea and it'd be suggested that that wasn't the best idea, but no one felt like shot down, you know, y it didn't matter it saying what you thought, because if it wasn't something that was that relevant, then it didn't matter, 'cause it was just another idea in the field. I like that. Um teamwork. Well you two created that wonderful specimen of a Play-Doh model. Um uh I'm still not caught up. But that's nothing to do with the teamwork at all. Um Maybe. No, that was quite fun. Um means, whiteboard, digital pens, etcetera, what does that mean? Any ideas? Had time to kind of Yeah, 'cause we could just sort of say, sorry what did you say about that or what do you think about that, rather than having to email it, yeah. But it was nice having it there. Um like the whole picture of the thing. Yeah, I think it's new ideas in general, rather than Mm. Yeah, no. Well they have to come from somewhere, don't they? And as sh as w sorry, you go. Um as was shown by your presentation with all of the other controls, remote controls, no one's thought about it particularly. I mean they're slightly different, so if someone's been shut in the room and said make ours a bit different from everyone else's, 'cause it's w something we should think about, but obviously no one's put any great deal of thought into it. Mm. But then when it everything is really smart, and you've just got this big chunk of black thing sitting on your coffee table, it doesn't go, I mean if you could have something that's a proper funky thing, a funky item that's individual, individual to you, I mean they could even go into um you go in with an idea and they design it on Photoshop and then they just get it printed on the plastic, you would pray you would pay a lot extra, because it's individually being a plastic was being made for you. But people could have anything that they wanted. Because of the produ Mm. Yes. Yeah. Well, it's innovation for money's sake. The the people have to keep buying. Yeah. And you can't get you've got your handset that works fine, but you can't get the battery anymore for that type of phone, because the phones have moved on, things like that. Yes. It's madness. Um In closing There we go. Um our costs are below budget with recommendations that they the budget be increased, but I think I don't know, d what do you think? Do you think that's takes into account um overheads like us being well paid kind of a thing? And the heating for the building, do you think our budget includes everything, all the costs that are going out? So it looks well it looks like it's gonna be fifty percent profit, you've still got all of the overheads to come out of that. So maybe increasing it, you would also have to increase the price that it's sold at. But I think but you were saying that that's quite Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. It's a shame it won't ever get made. Maybe it will. Maybe someone'll r run down and patent it. Um the project has been evaluated well and truly. Um and we've got the meeting survey and questionnaire. Oh, so we've got about fifty minutes to catch up with everything that I fell behind with, so I'll be delegating in my um role as Project Supervisor, so good luck. I think the celebration is the twenty five pounds. Either that or we'll be dancing on the desks. Oh. Um yeah, just the last, I think. I think I've got minutes for two of the meeting and the last thingy. I just got con
Hmm. Thank you. Hmm. Hmm. Yep, me too. Mm-hmm. Yep. Me and William worked on a prototype, and I think William is going to make a p presentation on that. Yeah. I can hold it like Yeah, so It looks crazy. Um not now. Oh. Yeah. Oh, where are the hinges? 'Kay. You able to look? Yep.. The black and white touch screen wherein people can Right. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Ah oka Infrared could be here also. Yeah, here.. So when it's even if it's open here, the signals would go. Yeah. This one right here.. Which is No. Look up to it. Yay. So this is the one. Sorry. Evaluation.. Mm um I I think this is chip. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ah, it's perfect. Is it everybody is going to evaluate, or just the Market okay. 'Kay. Yeah, so you can 'Kay. I would say four. Mm-hmm. Almost three. I think yeah. Oh sorry, I I got it wrong. The first one rating, I'm sorry. Can you just make it two? The first. Yeah, I I just it the other way. Uh in Yep, I just got two point f One is a, seven is false, okay. Two. Two. White. With for the plastic? Uh blue. Any Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because you'll be having a Because of the rubber case. One. Mm. Four. Voice r recognition. Hmm. You want me to b unplug that? That's all. Yes. Okay. Chip on print. Okay. Yep. Single-curved. Two curves, yeah. Single-cu. Plastic and rubber. Yeah. Plastic one and maybe rubber point five. No I think rubber, since it's being used just as a casing, we can put point five. Yeah, because there are I think it allows the point five, yeah. We can use that. It means we are not using a lot of rubber actually. We're using just a very low quantity of rubber compared to plastic. Push-button. One. An One. I think we could change the battery also. Instead of going for kinetic how about going for a standard battery. Uncurved, flat. No, it just surprises one.. I don't think so. Ri I think it's in Euro. And going to a regular bat Yeah. What I feel is, customers never said anything about the battery. It's internal, nobody looks into the battery. But shape and colours, that's something we shouldn't comprimi Where's that special form? Mm mm mm. Mm-hmm. Make it costly. Yeah we are close to the budget. Two five. It's twelve point five maybe, then. I don't know what it said fifty percent of the cost. So half of the price would be I think it is the first one. So we are under the budget. Seems fine. Except voice recognition, everything is Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think we had a nice time. Yeah, I think there was uh very constructive feedback by everybody. It's not like people trying to cut each other. There is more of uh true cohesive teamwork. We came to a very predic creative design, yeah. Yeah, and uh Yeah, I think. And Sarah, you coordinated the work very well. Yeah. I think that was the best part of the 'Kay. Yeah, moving around the room. But I think it's good, like uh we spent times individually. I never thought of a remote control with a flip top. That's mine. Yeah, it's The thing is Yep, sorry, go on Sarah. Surprising to me is like uh people give a lot of attention to modifying mobile phones, like a real want to see a new launch or something like that. And new f television products coming up, but nobody giving uh much idea to this. Like Sarah was telling, everything's Right. Mm-hmm. Maybe fifty percent more. Yeah. Who knows? Yeah. There's a final questionnaire. Celebration, you didn't talk about that. Yeah.
";The Project Manager went over decisions from the previous meeting. The Industrial Designer presented the prototype and discussed its look, its internal components, and its interface. The Marketing Expert evaluated the product according to the initial product goals. The group then decided that enough of this criteria had been satisfied for the project to continue. The Project Manager presented the final cost of the device which exceeded the initial projected price point. The group decided to remove speech recognition but to propose to the management that it  remain in the design. The group then discussed their effectiveness as a team. All members felt that they interacted well and that they felt they could be creative. The Marketing Expert felt that the market-research based approach would help the project's success with consumers. The group did express, however, that the budget was overly constraining. The Project Manager instructed the group to fill out a final evaluation questionnaire. 
"Alright so twenty five. So yeah, I've The only the only remote controls I've used usually come with the television, and they're fairly basic. So uh Mm. But but to sell it for twenty five you need a lot of neat features. For sure. Yeah, yeah. Right. Uh, what do we think a What do we think a good size would be for this? 'Cause I I know as you add more buttons to the remote it sometimes gets so big and clunky and there's just like a hundred buttons on it, or you could have a really small slim one but then you could lose it easily. Right. Okay. Wait for emails? Hmm.
Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah the universal ones. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm, it's about that. Mm. Um well my first thoughts would be most remote controls are grey or black. As you said they come with the T_V_ so it's normally just your basic grey black remote control functions, so maybe we could think about colour? Make that might make it a bit different from the rest at least. Um, and as you say, we need to have some kind of gimmick, so um I thought maybe something like if you lose it and you can whistle, you know those things? Because we always lose our remote control. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Then you lose it, yeah. Kind of um, maybe more like a P_D_A_ kind of, just hand held, like, 'cause Yeah. No, I wasn't, no sorry I wasn't thinking of the screen of like a P_D_A_ but Okay. So you want me to look at shapes and everything you said? Yep. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh no,. Sorry it's okay. Okay, cool.
Uh, making a profit of fifty million Euros. So, it's go gonna have to be be pretty damn trendy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I was thinking that as well, I think the the only ones that I've seen that you buy are the sort of one for all type things where they're, yeah. So presumably that might be an idea to put into. Yeah, yeah. Uh 'cause I mean, what uh twenty five Euros, that's about I dunno, fifteen Pounds or so? And that's quite a lot for a remote control. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Okay. The the keyrings, yeah yeah. Okay, that's cool. Okay. Okay. 'Kay. So, we're looking for 'Kay. We're Sorry, carry on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. For for uh remember we're trying to make it for twelve Euros fifty. Okay well right we'll have to um I'll we're k having another meeting in half an hour so um we should all look into a bit uh, oh actually, no, we'll allocate. So you do the looking around at other remote controls. Um, if you could maybe come up with sort of shapes and suggested shades or whatever, and you could look into um basically how how it's made I_E_ like how you make it all in one, how what sort of materials are available to you whatever. And obviously, other instructions will come from the personal coach. Which will probably just usurp what I said so Shapes and colours and um basically how to make it attractive. Uh. And you look at competition and design. Cool. So we have uh Um. Okay, groovy. And no doubt we'll get um Sorry. We'll get um warnings for next meetings as well. Okay. I shall I can't imagine these are worth much. Okay. Fashion into electronic. Okay.
Slim. Uh yeah uh, being as a Marketing Exper Expert I will like to say like before deciding the cost of this remote control or any other things we must see the market potential for this product like what is the competition in the market? What are the available prices of the other remote controls in the prices? What speciality other remote controls are having and how complicated it is to use these remote controls as compared to other remote controls available in the market. So before deciding or before finalising this project, we must discuss all these things, like and apart from this, it should be having a good look also, because people really li uh like to play with it when they are watching movies or playing with or playing with their C_D_ player, M_P_ three player like any electronic devices. They really want to have something good, having a good design in their hands, so, yes, all this. Yeah. Yep. Uh. Hmm.
";The group discussed their initial ideas about the features that they wanted to integrate into the design. They discussed making a universal remote with a locator function. They also discussed the shape and the number of functions in the main interface. The Project Manager instructed the Marketing Expert to examine competitors' remotes, the User Interface Designer to research possible shapes and colors, and the Industrial Designer to research possible materials and the necessary internal components of the device. 
"Um minutes from the last meeting which were essentially that we uh had decided on roles for each of you, however, um there are some changes that I've got from on high that um are a bit uh well w what I didn't actually realise it was that the uh this is for a specific television. So the all in one idea goes out the window. And they require that the uh actually I'll get to that at the end point number four, um we'll get what you've got and then we can see what we can adapt from it. So um, presentations, were you anybody got, raring to go? Raring to go? Okay. Good stuff. Mm. Oh I need to plug you in. Just about. Uh there we go, just screw 'em on in. Gonna have to swap them round so now, it was function F_ eight. That's the wee blue one. Blue one F_ eight. Should do it, good one. Hold on, sorry. and if you just click that it'll go ahead, one at a time. Sorry, uh. P press F_ five to start it first. Jesus. Excellent. Oh you wanna go back? Just escape. Okay. Okay. Okay. Speech recognition. Hmm. We're als we we're looking at who buys it as well. Uh, which I think the twenty five to thirty five is uh usual, sort of. Fifteen to twe Okay. Okay, thank you. Um, follow on with Helen? Yeah please. Oh, so we do yeah. Fun and games. Don't know if the cable's gonna be long enough. I think I just kicked over whatever it runs on underneath as well. Okay. Function F_ eight. Hmm. There you go. Uh F_ five. Um, F_ five and escape'll bring it back and just uh the left button for advancing. Uh just a left uh left mouse button. Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay. That can come under Arlo as well. Uh. Uh if you if you escape then you can see your bar. Uh okay. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. We hope so. Yeah, particularly if we've uh there was a bit in Raj's about R_S_I_ and things as well. Organic. Mm-hmm. Sales,. Okay. Yeah it's like a, yeah. It's. Right. And also the company want to keep it stuck to the T_V_ for uh to keep down the production time. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's cool. Um, do you have trouble whistling? Really? Ooh. Yeah, I suppose that's true. Well I suppo uh you could y you could have the you could have the basically um instead of a whistle if it's got the voice recognition you could have it just, you know, where are you?. Hmm. Sounds good. Function F_ eight for the um the uh Yeah. Alright. Let's remember that. Mm-hmm. But sure surely that would have to be um sort of specific rather than above a threshold 'cause if you had a loud movie on you're likely to get it beeping back at you. Sorry I didn't mean to derail you there. Ah is that what that is? Well that's cool. If you if you can build space craft you'll have no problem with a remote control, yeah. Right okay. Is that just switches on the speech recognition and it's entirely speech operated, is it? Yeah. Yeah. Ah now it's fif fifty million Euros we've gotta uh we've g gotta make profit, so we're making that at twelve and a half Euros a time. Okay. Would it be possible to have the rechargeable idea? Is that is that gonna mark up a lot? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean if you think about these base stations now it's essentially just a a lead with a sort of self connecting brake in it, so I don't think it'd up up the price that much. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah. 'Kay, thank you very much, um I'll take that back. Right, also so um a notice I got not very long before the meeting, so didn't manage to forward it on to you, it is let's see, I'll find it myself, um Ta nah. We had that um to dis-include teletext um because it's become outdated, and everybody uses the internet anyway. Um, dunno what Oracle would have to say with that but never mind. Um it's only for the television, which I'm presuming means it's for a specific television, and um instead of colours and sorta colour options, they want corporate colour and slogan somehow implemented in the new design. Yellow. I presume. Um, everything, all their sort of uh you know the uh corporate website and everything's yellow. And the logo uh the sort of slogan we put the fa fashion in electronics uh I don't know exactly how sort of incorpor I mean, I guess if you're going for a sort of globular shape you could kind of have it working its way round it or something. Uh, where am I? Okay, so, we have to decide on which functions we're going to actually have. Uh, now, we had as listed options we had speech recognition potentially, flat screen interface, L_C_D_ interface um we also want to limit the number of buttons so we'll pretty much take that one as read. We'll use the the basic functions for a television. No teletext. Um okay hold on. Not enough buttons you mean? So sorta strike a balance between a a few and a or it looks like we're just cutting on the um I do however have this from over my head, that they don't want teletext on it. Uh maybe Raj you could find out what people would think about that, or maybe they'll send some information about that, about um what people, whether people would require um teletext in a remote teletext option in a remote control. Okay um. So uh I take it your position Arlo is that the bells and whistles we've gotta come up with the a gimmick but not too complicated a gimmick. Um so I mean a a the sort of inkling I'm getting from little bits of um web chatter that I'm getting sent is that they're quite interested in a T_F_T_ display, interactive display. However that does sound a bit like the more complicated design that rav uh sorry Raj um said people didn't like. Although I guess if there's a sort of If you think about standard interfaces that people use already, sort of Windows-style drop down menus or whatever, I think maybe that's a bit, going a bit far but you know like in a basic sense that you could have your basic selection of buttons, and if you hit a sort of menu at the top you have um it goes to a different selection of buttons, so it sorta keeps it simple. Um glow in the dark, is that sort of with a light inside it or is it sort of glow in the dark material? Okay. So Yeah. Yeah. Lost, yeah. That's cool. That's cool. Okay, cool. Um speech recognition I take it I don't, I've I know of no products um that use speech recognition well. Really? Mm-hmm. Yeah, or a yeah an advert an advert for B_B_C_ two on B_B_C_ one'll switch the channel for you kinda thing. Mm. Uh-huh. Ah, that's a good idea. So like a kind of backwards remote from the telly. Right. That we should just stick on, yeah. Yeah. And that's a sort of basic R_F_ kind of frequency so it'll be cheap. Uh-huh. Yeah. It might do us out of a job. Um Okay. I like the whole sort of remote feedback thing. Um so I think rather than and that also kind of takes out the speech recognition in terms of the interference of it not working very well and things like that, so I th yeah and expense and the time. So I think if we're going to go well I mean like the thing about the there's the problem with the T_F_T_ or the L_C_D_ kind of thing is if you're also wanting the the kind of uh organic globby sort of feeling to it then you might have trouble incorporating the screen. Um, but I guess not I thin we'll just we'll just pretend that's not a problem. Um uh and how are you about the glow in the dark material? Is that Contrast contra well. Yeah, okay. So if it's dow it's d uh yeah. Or if it's down under the couch cushions um which is where I usually find mine. Um Okay, well we can use we can still use the glow in the dark as a gimmick essentially, um if we're gonna have to if we're gonna have the logo on as well, bright yellow logo in our our um slogan. Uh then you know they're gonna be fairly brightly coloured anyway, and we can have sort of a a a trimming as well, of the glow in the dark material, just as gimmickyness. Mm-hmm. Alright, so n sorta if if if we're gon if we're gonna go with the idea of um uh of feedback, sort of remote finder, then that kinda stuffs that one out then. Do you think? Uh it makes it fairly unnecessary then. Okay. Um, okay so scratch that. Uh so we've got do we want to go with the T_F_T_ idea or the is that far too expensive? Well I mean I think I think the sort of find the finder things I mean it's uh I could probably write the circuit diagram for that myself. Um Mm-hmm. Okay. Um no, I mean that was going on ravs uh Raj's sort of um marketing research I guess. Um Uh So we'll stick with sort of programmability um for the buttons that we do have. Um. So that's sort of included in your sub-module kind of stuff, um Uh you were finding out about teletext. If you could find out that uh Um I think we're gonna scratch the speech recognition as a bit of a um expensive, no? Oh right, okay. Is it not the circuits that cost Oh right, okay. Uh well that kind of takes back the R_F_ the R_F_ remote sort of idea as well. Um. Five minutes. Okay. Decisions. Uh, votes, let's vote. Who wants T_F_T_? No-one does. Excellent, so we'll go with speech recognition, yeah? Um, speech recognition, limited buttons, organic design. And what else was I thinking of that I haven't written down and therefore fallen out my head, programmability. Uh Uh o okay. And also, integrating the, remember to integrate the logo and the s slogan. Okay, so. Um can you put all these reports in the project documents folder if they're not already in there as well. So, it just helps me summarize them. And um I'll put any I'm I'm putting anything I do in there anyway, so uh Uh pro uh project documents. On A_M_I_ scenario controller. Where am I? Project documents, yeah, it's on your desktop as well. And I will tr getting strings of um information, I'll try and forward any specific to anybody in particular, as soon as I get them now, rather than I was about to sort of tell you about the changes before the meeting, and then the meeting turned up, so I did. So Okay. Yeah. More sort of um flesh-like than plasticky sort of. Oh no, ethics, that's gonna cost us money. Okay, safety. Yeah. It sme smells good for children. That sounds, yeah it's gonna have to be it's gonna be have a big yellow foam ball, yeah, sorry. Please God no. Um. Well, I wouldn't th I mean, my reaction to an all-yellow remote control wouldn't be anything other than horror, so I think just having it surrounding the logo. Yeah. And I'll see if I can argue with boss about putting the what was it? We put we put fashion into Whoops, it's not working. Can't believe I've forgotten it. We put the fashion in electronics. I bet that'll catch on well. Okay, any last worries, queries? Okay. S s I know what you're thinking. Okay then, lunchtime, yay. Okay, that felt a bit more like a something with order and and reason to it than the last one. This is quite fun actually. I really don't Yeah, yeah. Wow you've your first page. I was just writing really big. I've finished the meeting now. Oh, everybody needs k questionnaire.
Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Wow. So, sorry I was just gonna say, what was the question for this? Or is are you coming on to that? Okay. So these percentages are are what? Hmm. Mm, mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep, sure, that's cool, um Yeah. I can turn my computer quickly if that's okay. Um, yep. Okay, and then what do I press, F_ eight? Oh right. Okay, cool. Oh. Yeah. No signal. Okay. Cool. Okay and then how do I press the the big one, to get it on to the big F_ five and I press that again to get it off as well do I? Okay, so um I'm the interface design designer, User Interface Designer sorry, uh I'm concerned with um w what effect the apparatus should have on the user and um I'm I'm also I want to point out that our motto, put the fashion in electronics, so obviously we as a company we want to make our products trendy and fashionable, it's a big concern of ours. Okay, and how do I press n just the next button? The arrow? Okay. So um I looked at existing designs and also um the information that Raj gave us was very useful about what people like, what people dislike. Um and what people fashionable, because we said people between twenty five and thirty five were the main um buyers of of our T_V_ I think. So um what they like and what they find fashionable. And ergonomics, we said um, I don't know I haven't actually been able to do any of this myself, but um maybe that comes up, I don't know. And the findings, well the basic that was the basic function to send messages to the television set. That's what people want to do. Um, so they need to be included, um, but I've got some pictures here of some leading ones. I don't know how to get to them, do I press F_ five is it? escape? Oh okay, cool. I haven't got my glasses on so I hope it's this one. These are two leading um remote controls at the moment. You know they're grey, they've I mean this one's got loads of buttons, it's hard to tell from here what they actually do, and they don't look very exciting at all. Um, personally I prefer this one just because it's looks easier use, it's a bit more sleek with more of this silver stuff, um, but there you go, that's what we're up against, and I think we can do much better than that. Um hang on. F_ five, okay, sorry. Personal preferences. Um, well I think we need to l I think the ergonomics is quite um important, um Uh-huh. And um I thought not too edgy and like a box, more kind of hand-held more um not as uh computery and or organic, yeah, more organic shape I think. Um simple designs, like the last one we just saw, not too many buttons and as Raj pointed out, only ten percent fifty percent of people only use ten percent of the buttons, so I think what we can miss out on the buttons we can make up for in design and and how nice it looks. Um, hand-held and portable I think is portamint is important because T_F_T_ have just um released um I think is it a a remote control for presentations or uh and a big seven inch big screen, anyway, so um Yeah, no seven inches isn't that big but um anyway um so hand-held and portable and uh m I thought about other functions for T_V_ but as you pointed out people don't actually want that, so maybe we forget about that. It's for one T_V_ oh right okay, sure. And so the last thing I thought w which I quickly mentioned in the other one was maybe a bit of a gimmick to set us apart from other people, like glow-in-the-dark um which does already e exist but it's not very widely used I don't think. Easy finder with the a whistle function or something, or rechargeable station because it's a pain when you run out of batteries. And I think that, yep, that's it. Okay? Mm-hmm. Um, I haven't been able to Mm-hmm, yeah or some sort of voice Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, something. Oh you need to twiddle the thingamibobsy thing. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah sure. Well I like that design. Yeah, not a problem. Mm-hmm. Or a little base station or something,. That might cost more though, 'cause obviously with batteries we don't need to provide, well we provide the first batteries, but it's more, it's that's cheaper to just provide batteries. A battery in it, kinda. Okay. Okay. Mm. Mm that's a good idea actually I like the programmable options. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Corporate colour. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Although the the danger with that is, it could look a bit cheap. Yeah. Well Mm. On the number of buttons, kind of functions and stuff. Mm-hmm, okay. Okay, cool. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um Glow in the dark material I was thinking. Um, so I I guess that would be cheaper than a light I think. Often lost s was that, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Well what about this might get a bit too expensive actually, but what about um something that's built into the T_V_ um that you can press and it'll send out a little signal you know like the ones that we can't hear or something um that that will activate the remote control starts to beep. If you find if y Yeah. Mm. Yeah, that's the only thing, yeah. That comes with our remote control. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That could also be built into the T_V_ though, which might make our remote control a bit obsolete. Yeah, okay. Mm. And the expense. Mm-hmm. Mm. Maybe not even all of it 'cause we said um colours and fashion w were important so maybe um just like a little l line that's kind of around the outside and then you can make the rest a different colour. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, 'cause what I thought, main Slogan, yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. 'Cause yeah, that w more than finding it, that was more like you know if you're watching a film in the dark, you can um still see the remote control. That was more of a a gimmick. Mm. Yeah, unnecessary. Yeah. Mm. So is that one of our definite requirements that they wa that it needs a T_F_T_ screen? Yeah you think so? Okay. Mm-hmm, that's cool. Um if it's not too expensive s I think it's a good gimmick. Mm-hmm. And where is it sorry? Oh. Okay, cool. Okay. Okay. What I thought as well about the material is um maybe not this kind of material, but maybe more like um this kind of rubbery material, it's a bit more bouncy, like you said they get chucked around a lot. Um, a bit more durable and that can also be ergonomic and it kind of feels a bit different from all the other remote controls. The rubber rather than Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Oh I think wi with the more organic shape of it it won't be as it won't as have many sharp corners as that, so that's something good, um I dunno, I mean That's a good idea. Interesting. Yeah, d with the colour, um does it have to be all yellow, do you know? No. Yeah. Having a little bit. Okay cool. Mm mm. Mm-hmm, okay. Cool. Oh yeah, that's a good one that. Yeah so. Wow. Has anybo oh. Has anybody pressed okay, it vibrates. It's pretty cool. Yeah, got small writing. I don't wanna waste it.
Yeah. Yeah. Um. So how S Sh do you want me to hold it? So, after that? F_ eight. f oh sorry F_ eight. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, me again, Rajan the Marketing Expert. Uh, as we have decided in the last meeting that I have to find out, sorry, yeah sure. Yeah, yeah. Uh actually, sorry I have to see the other, sorry. Yeah, thank you. Uh, yes, I have to look at the uh market potential for this product, uh, like consumer likings and everything, what is the potential for this product and are we able to achieve our a net profit or our aims or not? Then Sorry. Okay. Yeah, I can, okay. Uh then uh the methodology I adopted to find out all this was market survey. A a detailed market survey on consumers was done to find out their likings and dislikings, what they prefer what they not prefer, w what problems they do encounter in all this type of things. And what we got was, we found that if you uh, what they th what problems they are having with different uh remote controls available in the market. Seventy five percent of users they do find it that the remote controls available in the market are ugly. They are not so good looking. So, we have to put stress on this, uh we have to take care of this fact also like our design, uh should be appropriate, should be good looking for the consumers. And yes that's wi uh this will definitely, this can definitely put uh uh enhance our sales. Uh and even uh the good thing about this is that eighty percent of users they are willing to pay high uh pay more for this uh good looking remote controls also. So even if the available market goes for the available uh even if the market goes for the available remote control is less even then we can sell it at twenty five Euros, which maybe which may seem quite high but if our looks are are if the re remote control we design have a good better uh better look uh designs, then we can hope that consumers will prefer these g remote controls. Then And the second thing, some some companies they think that they should have more and more functions of the users uh or in their remote controls, but rather than those having more functions in the remote controls we should emphasise what actually consumer want, what they operate, rather than making it too complicated. Because mostly it has been found that fifty percent of the users they use only ten percent of the buttons, so there is no point of having ninety percent buttons making the remote controls too bulky, too complicated too expensive a because I think I believe that technology is useful only if uh the consumers they want to use it. Otherwise there is no point of having all this type of things. So this will not only reduce the cost of our remote controls but it will increase our profit also. So we have to take care of this fact also. Then. Uh it was function I want to go to. Uh, escape, okay thank you. Then if we look at this slide, uh these are in your shared documents, you can see, like Uh, sorry. Ah t look all the market potential, what uh how we should design consu our remote controls, what they should be there so as to en enhance our profit, enhance our sales. Yeah, these are different age group persons like uh sorry, I can open it in another way. Uh, yes. If we look at the costs whether the consumers they are willing to uh pay more for speech recognition in a remote control or not, we can find that they up to a thirty five years age group we have a very good disliking for this uh this uh point, like for speech recognition in a remote control. So we can emphasise on this point also like, because it will definitely enhance our sales in this ag in this particular age group from uh fifteen to thirty five, and I uh and I think that most of the users of the rem uh T_V_ are belong to this age group. So we should look Yeah. We can look at that that factor also, so yes. Yeah. So, and And then Yes. I think so. Uh if we look at this data how how uh h how what are the problems the consumers are facing with the existing remote controls in the market. They find that thirt uh thirty five percent uh thirty four percent of the consumers they find too difficult to operate a remote control. So it should be in such a way that it should be easy to learn how to operate these remote controls and we should provide pl uh spe uh proper manuals for its use also so as that people consumers could easily learn. They need not to have any, much technical knowledge to see uh to know how to operate these remote controls. So this is also a very goo uh major factor to loo uh take into consideration to enhance our profits and sales. So um this is all about uh market potential by me. Uh, yes, th thank you. Yeah we have to take that out. Sorry. Sorry. Uh sorry, I have. Brian, this one also I. Yeah. Thank you very much Brian. If you want me to help, yeah. Yeah. Uh F_ eight. Function F_ eight. Mm s. It's not coming. Function F_ eight, okay. Yeah. Computer. Computer adjusting, yeah. Yeah. Escape. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Fifty million was uh prof As a profit. Yeah, me too. Yeah. About cost. Okay. Uh. I Uh may I say something about? Uh actually I think it's really really very important point uh as if we look at the market because people mor fifty percent people they find that the remote controls are often lost somewhere in the remote, in the room. But yeah are lost and means they forget where they have kept the remote control last time. But if we add speech recognition as well as glow in the dark then both these factors will help their locating the remote control, like if they come and speak something at the remote control uh replies to something something and it glows in the dark. Both these factors uh both these points will help them to locate the where they have kept this remote control, and this will definitely enhance our uh market sales, so we should take it into consideration also. Yeah. Totally, it takes cheap speech recognition, she they wi Yeah. Glow in dark. Here? Sure. Uh it is in shared documents? Projoct uh projector. Hmm. It is not giving anything. Shared documents. Um but we have to take care like But we have to take care of our children also if they means if children catch hold of your or if they chew it it shouldn't be too harmful. So, whatever material we use it should be yeah. So we have to safety point of view also, we have to take care. Yeah. Small logo with the like a small yellow strip or y yellow with the logo in it. Yeah. Hmm. That's good. Check here.
It's a inspired design. Hmm. Of course. So uh, I noticed your talk about speech recognition and whistling, and uh I was just curious to know, have we done any research into how many people can whistle? Um, or if is that a function we want in the remote? I don't, but I I know a lot of people do right. Yeah it just I mean it has to be a certain kind of whistle too, right? That's costly though. Um a much easier thing is just any loud noise like clapping um, shouting, you know, uh and then, what would the response be? It beeps back at you or something? Okay. Well, uh let me set this up. So I plug it in, press F_ five? Function F_ five? Or function F_ eight? Okay. Okay. I think it's uh just to lock it in. It's got it. Okay. Um. So as the Industrial Designer my job is to take an input from you guys, um so it's good you went first, and I jotted down some notes as to what are the b needs and uh what kind of novel features we can add to differentiate our product from the others. Um so Raj told us that uh consumers are willing to spend more for fancy products, and um he also mentioned that uh the current products don't always match users' operating behaviour. Um, a lot of the buttons aren't used, and uh he mentioned that they're not fun to use. And uh a novel feature which uh we just brought up was this this automatic speech recognition feature or noise detection feature for when you lose the remote, there could be a little microphone on it, and any noise over a certain threshold um it'll pick up as a a distress signal um from you and it'll beep back and say you know oh here I am or something of this sort. Oh yeah, yeah, that's true. Well maybe you could have a um hmm tha that would be a consideration to take into account yes. Um. Yeah well tha that's uh for later down the road um, and then as for the user interface it should be trendy, um and not computery, right, so more low tech and not too many buttons. So I took these all into consideration and also I have some limitations from the boss. Right um, and practical limitations which I kinda threw out the window. And so I did a little research and unfortunately all I had to work on was our uh our corporate archives of the great products we've made before, which include, you know, um space craft, coffee makers, and bullet trains Or uh or a high speed train. Right and having personally worked with all these products uh I have a great deal of experience with uh with industrial design of these. Right. So, I figured, just put 'em all together. You got a a caffeine powered space shuttle train transport to your T_V_, and um as for the user interface problem, you know, too many buttons. Give it one button and and it's a you know, for the the cowboy in all of us I I'm not quite sure what the the function is there but Yeah it's a g I mean you could have a you know a Right. So I think I I missed the budget thing, it was fifty million Euros? And we gotta sell twenty five of them? Right. Okay. Oh okay, so I I mixed those numbers. Okay. Well I guess more realistically then, we need a product that's got some kinda nifty outer casing, cheap plastic uh, you know, um that should be just like uh a tenth of the price maybe or less. An energy source which'd probably just be uh your regular batteries um, we don't wanna have it Uh. Yeah, yeah, we could do that too. Um, I hadn't thought of that. Yeah. Right. Right, so so the unirs the user interface uh the canonical user interface for these would be just a bunch of buttons, but since we're a cutting edge company, we uh of course will have alternatives like uh speech recognition, whistling recognition and rocket power behind our product. Um and lastly the transmission interface is uh, just some engineering thing you don't have to worry about. Um so here's you know, a great schematic that my uh apprentice designer gave me. Um as you can see the the remote control have parts and those parts look like that and um you know it's got a little operating procedure that looks something like that. And I suppose you all know how it works because we've all used it and we wouldn't be in a company designing remote controls if we didn't know what they were so uh personal preferences, I think uh programmable options which um just require a small amount of memory, uh non volatile memory, just um so the user can put in their favourite channels and maybe their preferred volume settings so that when they turn it on it's not blasting. Oh okay. And the uh, the bells and whistles that we mentioned you know, they take more budgeting, um more technical uh expenditure of effort and it's also much more likely to not work if if we add these bells and whistles. That's all I got. Ooh that's tight. Okay, I don't think we need to screw it in. Just push it. Yellow. Yeah yeah. Well hmm. Oh it's They're act there there was a remote control that came out two years ago that had a some basic speech recognition on it. You could programme it with your channels and then you say you know like uh B_B_C_ one and it goes to that channel. Yeah, it didn't work very well though because of this noise interference problem. They mentioned you know if the television says you are listening to B_B_C_ one. Right, right, and so there was a lot of this, you'd be watching the T_V_ and then all of a sudden it'd it'd pick up a noise and turn it off or you know or turn the volume off or something, but if you can work around that that noise problem Right. Right and then it would do just you know, uh subtractive kind of cancellation of the noise. What you could do then would be you have uh a remote controlled by the T_V_ speaker, or not a remo I'm sorry, a microphone by the T_V_ speaker and a transmitter there that sends back to your remote, 'cause you can't um expect uh the the television manufacturers to to put that feature into their T_V_s. But yeah, then you have like the little se separate module by the T_V_ speaker which Right, and then the remote control would know um what's being produced by the television. Right, right. Right, right. Um. Yeah that's certainly possible then an another thing was about this losing the remote and trying to find it again. If you do have this sorta speech interface to it, you don't even need to find it. You just say you know, um whatever you whatever you want the remote for, you know to change the channel or to uh turn the T_V_ on and off, you just shout your command to it and it would do it for you if it's within you know, within hearing range. And uh you know it could be somewhere in the room y that you've no idea where it is and it would still do its job. Well, hopefully we're uh we're ahead of the curve. Hmm. Um. Mm. Yeah, no th the material's cheap but it's just uh the the glow in the dark material needs some light to charge it you know, and then uh if you're, if you're sitting in the dark for too long it uh it won't glow any more. Right. Right. Mm-hmm. Um yeah we're getting a lot of features now, I I think Yeah. Well, I think a consideration too is that these uh remotes get abused a lot, you know they get thrown around, there's a good chance the the T_F_T_ screen would break or uh get damaged. They're pretty fragile. Yeah mm. Oh. Oh no it's it's much cheaper than the T_F_T_, it's just a microphone and some some integrated circuits. And it'd it'd be a small vocabulary speech recognition system, like a Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So it should be when you save on your desktop, so it goes save as, or And then uh hit that little folder up thing again. Again. All the way to the top, yeah that's up to desktop. Right and then project documents. Mm. Did you get my email? Okay. Just making sure. Yeah. Wow. We could go comp yeah. We could go completely out of the box and make the thing a big red ball foam ball. And it's got the thing on the inside. And there's no buttons at all, it's always on, and just yell at it, and it works. And then ch children will love it. Oh yellow, yellow ball. Right. Twelve thirty. Mm. Yep. Yeah I've been using up the pages. Another questionnaire.
";The Marketing Expert presented requirements of users as found in a company market study. The study showed that users want a fancier-looking but uncomplicated remote control, and are interested in speech recognition. He presented the age groups polled and said that the target marketing group should be users aged fifteen to thirty-five. The User Interface Designer presented several competitors' remotes and discussed the features that would make their own device more user-friendly. The Industrial Designer gave a presentation on important internal components that would keep the project within its budget, and discussed possible materials and programmable features. The Project Manager gave several new requirements for the project to the group. The group discussed the features they would like to incorporate into the design in light of the new requirements and budget constraints. They decided to keep speech recognition as one of their components, and decided to include some programmable features, limit the number of button functions, and make the remote yellow and glow-in-the-dark, in an organic shape. The Program Manager said that he would ask to what extent the company motto had to be incorporated into the design. 
"No. We should make a big sponge lemon, and then it'd be it would be yellow. It's Yeah. Mm. No, it's got it's got it. Wow. Uh it looks threatening. It looks like yeah. Wow. Then d blind don't watch T_V_. They do? The L_C_D_ and the other stuff uh, I think. Ben bana Hmm. But uh price price not withstanding um, is it too complicated, is it gonna be too much just overload? But but the thing is when you use a remote control, you never look at it, right? You're looking at the T_V_ and and it's uh It just seems kind of like a a needless th So which vegetable? Okay. The the lemon. Well what are the options? Oh. Okay. Um so I guess there are a lot of options that we're gonna have to choose from among, and I'll I'll give you the uh, I guess, technical considerations for those. And I'm gonna use the whiteboard, just 'cause we haven't used it. Right. So, the way I'm gonna do this is uh we're gonna take a look at some old remote controls, see how they work, uh reuse the the vital kind of um essential pieces of it, and then we'll throw in our new innovations um and keep it all within budget. So uh yeah, looking inside a a very simple remote control. Um this is what they sent me. 'Kay. Here's uh the competition, I suppose. Um you open it up, there's a circuit board inside, um and there's a a chip, a processor, the T_A_ one one eight three five, which um receives input from the buttons, and ch Right, it's very they're very cheap remote. This remote costs nothing, you know. Um so that takes a signals from the buttons and translates it into a sequence of pulses that it then sends to the to the amplifier, which is made of some transistors and amplifiers, op-amps, and then that gets sent to the uh to the L_E_D_ light, which I can kinda see is that little red light bulb at the end, and that sends out the infrared uh light signal to the television. Oh here it is. Um so this is kind of the the bear essentials that we need to have in our remote control, because it it defines the uh R Um no, I mean this is a very old one, so now with the new technology this is a a minimally small and cheap thing to make. Right. So this is what we need to have for certain. Um. So you know, as we said, we got the outer casing, which we have to decide, you know, what's it gonna be, um the board we have to use basically uh the same set-up, processor, um we'll probably use the more advanced processor than they had, amplifier and transmitter are all standard. Um so for the casing, uh this an e-mail I got from our manufacturing team uh, you know, we have a bunch of options from wood, titanium, rubber, plastic, whatnot, um latex, double-curved, curved. So lots of choices, what do we think? Uh or sponge, I guess, isn't on there, right. Organic sponge. Uh yeah, it's very elasticy for sure. Um. Yeah so Okay so, here are a a plastic, uh latex Oh right. So something with give to it. Okay. And and the colour is yellow, right? Yellow, okay. Um. Mm' kay. So yellow for the body, and then what colour for the buttons? So multi-coloured buttons. Okay. Okay. Mm 'kay so the shape we wanna go Um how exactly? Maybe double What about a banana? Yeah? Okay, like we could have a big banana shaped remote control, 'cause it's yellow fruit, right? Oh i it doesn't matter which end you point, I guess. We could have a little L_E_D_s on each end. So a spongy banana re Yeah. Okay, okay. See So maybe an an unidentifiable fruit or fiable fruit or vegetable like so it would have a stem perhaps and a maybe a it'd be s axially symmetric. So it'd look like this kinda. Like a gourd almost, or a squash of some sort? Yeah, and it has a a clear top and bottom so y so you could say, you know, it transmits from this end. Yeah. Okay, so double-curved, single-curved, what do we feel? Okay. Okay um, I guess, since you're the marketing guy. We'll uh Okay, we could do that. Um. Okay, so so buttons. Okay, just like that. Okay. With the scroll-wheel or no? Okay uh I could put the microphone here. Okay there's the microphone. Where should I put the microphone? Okay, well we can do some user test with scroll-wheels, right? Okay. Okay. So should the microphone be just anywhere on it or 'Kay there's the mic. Um n well we can Whoops. Um. Yeah. Um. Oops, sorry. Okay. Right. Hmm. They can work from a You don't have to hold it. Yeah. I it could even encourage healthier habits for television watchers, you know they have uh fruits all round them. Now just make sure they don't eat the remote. Yeah. Okay. But yeah But yeah, about the speech thing, it doesn't have to be hand held or close. It can sit at a distance and pick it up still. Yeah yeah. Okay, um so Yeah, s I guess we decided on material, right? So that that spongy latex rubber everything feel, and the colours we got down, and the shape, maybe we'll just make it kinda mix and match type of shape or Yeah. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Great. Um as for the energy source um, you know, almost every remote control uses just batteries, but we don't have to be limited by that. We can use a hand-dynamo. Um I don't know what that means, we crank it? Right, it's like those watches that you c So, this might be an idea for something that people really wanna grab, you can shake it if it's out of power. Okay. So if it if it's not working, I guess people's natural reaction anyway is to just shake the thing. Right. Okay. Uh there's solar power. Um. Yeah. Okay, so probably just Mm. 'Kay. Okay. So uh a rechargeable battery. Okay. Um the user interface, the buttons, I guess we talked about this already. Um. Hmm? Uh th the uh the electronics um, basically the more features we add um Oops, this one. So the more features we add the fancier chips we need to buy and put in, which adds to the cost as you can expect. Um. But uh I think we can keep it all under budget. So uh yes, so the speech thing you said our our techno our research and development department came up with some break-through. So just in time. Right, right. Yeah, and keeping the L_C_D_ screen out. Huh? Oh yeah that was that was it. So control F_ eight, right? Try uh flipping the screen down. 'Kay. Oh, I get to do it, too. Oh neat. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Save everything to the shared documents, is that right? Oh. Uh these lapel mics are trouble. Are we done with our meeting? Yeah.
Um we are So the meeting will have about the same format as the last time. So switching over I've just left uh my first two screens. Um I have mailed you the minutes of the last meeting uh just to save time. Um and is there any questions you have that arised from last meeting that are particularly bothering you? N No? Okay, cool. Then we shall start with a presentation from Raj. Alright, okay. Fashion. Mm 'kay. Fruit and veg, well there you go. Just what I think of when I think of a remote control. Mm-mm-mm-mm. Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm. Function F_ eight. Hmm. Excuse me. Uh, yeah. Mm 'kay. either. Uh okay. Right, okay. Yeah. Excellent. Uh no just escape should uh 'Kay. Looks pretty complicated. Right, okay. Mm-hmm, like the middle button. Okay. Ah it's kinda like scrolling uh right, well, if I s if I'm thinking of the right one, I've got the same thing in front of my monitor, you scroll it and the when you reach the sort of um menu item that you require, you press the middle of the scroll. Right, okay. Yeah, presumably. Yeah, looks like uh looks like something out of a jet. Okay. Yeah, I m I mean the one thing I think about about these ones is um these kl uh secured areas um, I've seen a lot of them with the the cover missing. So like have it hinge rather than sort of clip on or whatever. Yeah. I mean is that not sort of to assist the blind or something, is it? Strange. No they do, they do. They listen to it. Yeah. Right, okay. 'Kay but people tend to recognise certain shapes to do certain things anyway, don't they? Brilliant. That's handy. Okay. Okay. It's still it's still got to get within our twelve fifty, you know. Okay. Yeah. I can't see tha Although, th I mean to be to be sure they have got I mean they are going crazy with the L_C_D_ technology now, so that you've got your L_C_D_ T_V_s and everything so maybe the small But I mean like I I the black and white, I guess, it just doesn't look funky enough. Um but, I mean, like even mobile phones or whatever have now have colour L_C_D_ screens, w I ju I mean I wouldn't know about the costs of them. Twelve fifty. Possibly. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Well I mean we could make a Yeah. Well, si since we're going for the uh the k the sort of company colours, I think your lemon wasn't that far s And if it doesn't work you know, we've just made a lemon. Mm-hmm. I like I like the colourful buttons as well. Yeah. I mean we are marketing to sort of twenty five to thirty five, so most people will have come in contact with that kind of use. Yeah. And that means tha that means you get to bump that bit to the T_V_ maker, so 'Kay. Yeah, looks like it. Uh Yeah, I was just thinking the self same thing. Magic man. Mm-hmm. So this is a standard off the shelf kind of a chip, is it? Right. Okay. So can we make them to pretty much any size we like or is there a minimum or? They gotta be Almost a key-ring. Okay. 'Kay. Well. Well, I mean like la latex has a kinda spongy feeling to it, doesn't it. Um Yeah. And that would k also give it kinda durability and and ther that's also f sorta relatively cheap to cast. Um so maybe s uh a sort of uh plastic initial plastic with a a latex kinda sheath? Oh right, okay. I don't know what that stuff is. Yeah. Or at least incorporating, yeah. I mean I forgot i we're sort of uh I don't know what other standard silver kind of Other parts or uh Mm-hmm. Um. Um I quite like the multi-coloured buttons myself. Yeah or yeah a limit uh maybe even just a limited multi-colour so it it doesn't look too childish, perhaps. Yeah. Although I mean this uh uh also comes to shape as well. I mean if we are gonna make it a novel I mean double-curved sounds good to me if we're talking about sorta ergonomic and easy use, a bit comfier, you know. Yeah it's uh, yeah, that that'd be that's sort of comfortable to hold, easy to hold so you don't drop it. Well, yeah, I mean like Yeah, yeah. Mm and a lemon might be a little hard to grip. Yeah. They only cost pennies. Huh? Um. I mean that that th does it does seem a bit uh again childish maybe. S And sponginess. Huh. Uh. Yeah, why the hell not. Let's that'll make us fifty million Euros. Um. Well, I guess it's kind of dra uh you don't necessarily have to have it sort of clearly identified as a fruit just to have that kind of fruitish shape, yeah? Yeah, we can relate it by advertising or Yeah. There's a good man. There's a good idea. Um I l I su I mean for the specific functions, you know, up and down, uh play, stop. They've got, I mean, they've got standard sort of intuitive um things that are always used. That's cool. I like it. Um. Uh speech recognition, I think, so we need a microphone presumably. Yeah. I mean ho h h wel are we sure that scroll wheel does give ease of use? Glad, we're not doing this for real. Yeah. And uh I think if this this new software for the sound recognition is the microphone I would put it sort of sub-centrally, so it's Yeah. So it can be sort of held and w We really need really gonna need to hold it, if it's gonna be voice recognition. Oops. Um. Upsidaisy. I s I still like it. Um but that's me. Yes, or maybe it's just going a bit uh too far. I mean we are pushing it probably with funny fruit shapes. Um don't wanna sort of overkill. 'Cause I mean like uh if we I mean how good is the speech recognition thing? Do we want to go for buttons at all, do we want to just have a device that maybe sits and pretends it's a fruit? Yeah, you know, and then you just tal I mean like everybody's got fruit bowl in front of the telly. Um. Yeah. Make them make them think of fruit, yeah. I mean uh some uh I l like think of a fruit that could sit sort of independently on its own like uh, I dunno, an apple. Then it's just apple so sort of Uh, yellow apples though Hmm. Yeah. Okay, yeah, that's good. Groovy. Yeah,. Yeah. So I mean like you could actually Yeah, gives you the options. So a selection of casings. It kind of fi it fits with f fits with marketing um Like like mobiles, yeah. You can standardise those, I mean. I think tho I think if you're gonna have a facia then you'd want to have it so that it does go over the buttons, 'cause when if you think about it if they're wanting it, 'cause they want to look at it, if they're using it, and what they want to look at is facing away from them. It doesn't really You know 'cause that'd be in the palm of their hand and they wouldn't be able to see it, unless you have sort of you got the buttons options on one side, and you get the facia on the other side with a microphone so that you can place it face down. And you've got the facia, and you can just talk at the Maybe. So you've narrowed it down to half a dozen options. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so we stick with what we've got there. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Well, it's kind of gotta be our company's yellow. So again I mean like we could have, uh I mean, we could quite easily have the the main body be a different colour, but have kinda going round, yeah. Um I mean e even if I mean not necessarily that the um the whole body has to be of the company colour, so you know um blue and yellow tend to go to we well together. So you have the main body blue with the yellow logo and slogan running up one side of it kind of thing. W sort of Uh It's I think it's basically the more you move i it, it's got a wee thing inside that just kinda powers it. Uh yeah. Yeah, I like that, yeah. Yeah. Okay. You shake it and scream at it. Yeah. It does leave them with an obligation to Especially if they want to use it uh uh sp uh specifically as um voice activated. Then if it's just sitting on the Okay, okay. Right um what are the other options? Yeah. I'm I'm with uh Raj on that, I think, you know, I've got I've got no I've got a north facing house, there's not really ever sun coming in my window. Oh that's true. I mean I w I w uh that idea that I thought um just on the basis of like ridding them of batteries and that kind of bother is having a, yeah, having a rechargeable stand, so that not only it doubles as a stand, but um for using it as uh recharging it, but also for using it as sound recognition. Yeah that kind of thing. Yeah. Rechargeable.. What's chip on print? What's Sorry, never mind. Yeah, and if we if we're just having buttons and the speech then we're getting our cheapest option of chipping. That's good. Uh woah. Okay, we're we're kind of uh we're kind of um Excuse m I've just deleted that whole thing. Um we're kind of running out of time, so if you could Uh. Was that you? Um that was your bit's covered, I just dele I just accidentally deleted what I was supposed to say next. Um, yeah. Oh, yeah. And I just touch the pad. It's actually shut down. Okay, um now what we have uh our next meeting's in half an hour and what I would like you guys to do is work on giving me a model in clay. Yeah. It's you guys. Yeah. So um, you know I mean, luckily we chose a nice simple shape. Um and further instructions will be sent by your personal coaches. Uh yeah, I hope I can recover this, 'cause I've accidentally deleted it. Which doesn't really help me much. Yeah, can you save that uh send that last one again, please, Raj, as I still can't find it on the Okay. No. Okay, thank you. Um yeah, Project, Project Documents. Uh right, that's that's the that it goes there automatically if you put it in Project Documents. Project Documents is on the um desktop. Really? Oh right, I think um Hold on. Yeah, I don't know if y it it just ca it just came up on my um on my agenda. S Um presumably there's clay somewhere. Um. Four. Whoops. Light, light, please. Light. Right, there you go. Yeah, quite. And we're using this our basic chip set, so it's all good. Um I think we're almost done, yeah. Oh oops. Sorry man. Uh okay, still didn't manage to get down all the last bits so we had rechargeable and Uh. Apples. Mm-mm-mm-mm-mm. 'Kay, so we came up with that, that's okay. What's supplements? Supplements. Uh uh. See. I shoulda something like that. If I kn see I I knew that. I shoulda sort of engineered it so we k ended up making a diffi difficult shape. Just for cruelty. I wonder if they mean like literally make it, sort of buttons and everything. Um. Uh no, I think that's us our discussion over unless anybody's got questions or confusions, 'cause I'm confused. Huh? Um uh we'll probably get questionnaire in a minute, it's a There we go. Warning, finish meeting now. I rounded it up far too fast. Um. Where are we going? My Documents, that's not what I want. My Project Documents. There we go.
Mm-hmm. Okay. Cool. Mm um. No, I don't think so. The last one is the most important one, is it? Oh, sorry. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sorry. I was just reading fruit and vegetables. Hard to know how we are going to incorporate that. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Th that's very good. Glow-in-the-dark. Okay. Well, that's good. That's what we kind of predicted anyway. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, the spongy, not real spongy, you can Do you think like rubber would be good or does it really want to be like gel kind of stuff? Okay. Quite disposable. Okay. Oh okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Cool. Mm. A remote control? Yeah. And were there any factors that weren't important in the survey, that they said we don't want? Or was it just Okay. Cool. F_, what is it? Um. yeah. Okay. No signal. Is that? Okay, and then F_ five, right? Okay. Um okay, so the interface concept um. Yeah. The interface specification, what people um how they interact with it basically, I think. Um so the method, we looked at existing designs, what are the what's good about them, what's bad about them, um I looked at their flaws, so we're going to look at their flaws, everything. Um and what the survey told us and what we think would be good, so a bit of imagination. Uh the findings, I've got some pictures to show you as well. Yeah. Okay, so most remote controls use graphical interface, where you um have got s buttons and you point it rather than having the output as a a stream of text or something. Um and we also found that there's inconsistent layout, which makes it confusing. So I think for our remote control There is some inconsistency already in ec existing in between remote controls, but I think standard kind of um shape and uh play and those kind of but buttons like the the top right for on and off or something, I think, people find that important,'cause then it's easy to use. And we've got some pictures of some uh new remote controls to show you. Do I press Escape F_ five? Or just Escape, okay. Um, oh I still haven't got my glasses on. Yeah, okay. So these are the some of the pictures of existing ones. I'll just walk you through them. This one is a voice recognition. And that's the kind of idea we're going for. There's um an L_C_D_ thing, which we thought could I thought could get a bit confusing and a bit expensive as well for us. This one is got a kind of scroll like a mouse, which Yeah. Um and But I'm not exactly sure how you'd use that, like would the computer come Uh-huh, that's like the L_C_D_ one, is it? But the one below that has got like a little scroll function on the side. But I presume that the functions must come up on the T_V_ screen. I think that's what that is. So these are just a few ideas. Again that's just quite boring shape, grey, looks quite space-agey, but too many buttons, I think on that one. Yeah, it does look kind of dangerous. Um this one I thought was really cool. It's w it's got the programmability function that we talked about. You can put it in there, it's for your kids, and it's quite an organic shape and the little circle around there is pretty cool. And that's really easy to use, bright, so I like this one lot for our design. I think something like that would be good. Of course yellow. Right, yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Um so maybe that could be built into one of the things and it comes up on the T_V_ or something. And this one, the over-sized one, I don't know about you, but I think it's a bit too gimmicky. I don't think that will sell very well. I guess so. I don't know. I think that's a bit Yeah exactly. Yeah. And um this one is just pointing out. I like some of these things um the the raised symbols and everything, but pointing out um that this one the volume it is kind of pressing down, but it would actually go up, because of the shape. So that could that's a bit confusing. Um but the buttons on this I think are it's just showing you how you can have different different um buttons. They don't have to be all the same. So that's quite cool. Um. Yeah, exactly. Um F_ five. Yes. So there are some of the findings. So we need to combine those ones um and I've just got an e-mail from our technical department saying that they have broken through with some new speech recognition software that you can program in. Um yeah it is, just in time, very handy. Um so I think maybe incorporating that in our design would be good. It's you program it like you say, record, um and then, play, and then, record, play machine, and stuff like that, so that's And it's much Yeah. So that's quite cool. Uh personal preferences just some imagination, the raised symbols I thought were good, the L_C_D_, it does look smart, but I think maybe for our budget, do you think that would be a bit too expensive to have the Yeah. And the speech recognition, 'cause I think we're definitely going for the speech recognition, are we? Uh-huh. Uh-huh. But our budget, we've Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. I'm not sure if the if for twenty five Euros uh per uh twelve Euros fifty m manufacturing cost,. The L_C_D_. Yeah. No. Yeah. S Uh-huh. Yeah, that's the thing, because Yeah. That's true, yeah. And one of the survey findings was that they want it easy to use, so I think I'm not sure about the L_C_D_. It's a it's great, it's a good idea, but for our budget and for the thing we're trying to go for eas easy to use, it's not the thing we should go for, I think. Child-friendly, I thought this was good, as you pointed out the um the bit, it often goes missing especially with children, but it's a good shape and the organic is kind of we could make a vegetabley kind of round shape, I think. Yeah, I know, carrot. Yeah. But we don't want it to be Yeah. Um the child-friendly, yeah. Easy to use, it seems quite easy to use. I like the d the different shapes of the buttons and stuff. I think that's a good idea to go for. Yeah. And the mouse one, I thought it was a good idea, because people use mo mice mouses now with the scrolling thing. Um. Yeah. S yeah. So they'd be able to use that um, as I said I think i I'd presume it would come up on the screen. Um so there you go. Yeah. So that's um the user interface design. So okay, I'll take this out now then. There you go. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. I'm not sure about the sponge. Yeah. Yeah. I like the rubber, the stress balls, I think, you know, that could be a bit of a gimmick like it's good to hold and Yeah. And that might be quite durable and easy to chuck around. Yeah, y yellow incorporated, yeah. I think Mm. Yeah, the buttons w like, 'cause there's gonna be the the cover the the rubber or the plastic casing and then the buttons in probably two different colours or i if we're having buttons actually, I don Yeah. You do have ones like um play could be green or on and off is red, and stuff like that, yeah. Makes it easy to use. Yeah, that's true, because that blue one did look quite hardish. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Like uh an hour glass kind of figure, is that what you're thinking of, or just like a It's not Yeah. We could make novelty remote controls. Yeah. But then how would you point it? How would you point it? What Yeah. y I'm I'm not sure about the banana idea. Rubber banana. Okay. Yeah. I think maybe just draw on the kind of fruit and vegetable shape. And what else did you say about fashions? What was trendy? And spongy, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe, yeah. Like what's what's that, I don't even know the name of it, some kind of, you know where it's like looks like a little snowman kind of thing. I don't know the name of that. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. Yeah, maybe that's what they are. 'Cause that you can hold it in like the bottom bit and Yeah. I don't know. What do you guy What do you think? No. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. And buttons would, did we say? Uh different shapes of buttons? Mm. Yeah. Yeah, what about the scroll wheel and speech recognition? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not sure. Um I mean those ideas I saw were just for inspiration, I think. Um yeah, I can no I'm not sure. I couldn Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's cool. So let's not use the whiteboard any more. And uh so what else was there? Um the What about the glow-in-the-dark thing, the strip around it? Are we just gonna leave that? You still like it. 'Cause we've got the uh technological innovation with the speech recognition system. 'Cause um it could Yeah. Especially with yellow. Mm. I dunno. Then you put it in the fruit bowl? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, do we need buttons? Mm. I quite like the shape. I quite like the design of that, uh 'cause that could sit on its own and it's quite got a quite steady base. Um and as we say we n we don't wanna be too ridiculous with the fruit things you know. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, 'cause you said about disposable, didn't you? You said about disposable earli people want disposable things so we could do that, like have a choice. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. We still need the buttons in the same places thought, don't we? Oh, that's the other side. Oh, okay. Oh, half a fruit. Oh, okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Mm mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um because Well, I I'm not sure if we should go so far in the whole fruit thing, because I think we should maybe just take the inspiration from the fruit and uh because what Yeah, w I think wh wha would we're trying to get to twenty five, thirty five year olds who want it quite trendy as well they said. They wanted something that looks fancy and I think maybe fruit could be a bit of a too much of a gimmick, but something ergonomically shaped and organic, like good to hold, based on fruits and natural things like that, because al already we're going a bit gaudy with the yellow, you know. I mean we could make it nice pale yellow. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Maybe we could have that pale yellow and then an outside bit bright yellow with, you said, the logan the slogan. Because Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Oh, a d a dynamo? Yeah. Yeah, like with those watches that you kind of twist. Yeah that's quite cool. Yeah, it is, yeah. Yeah, then they have to pick it up and then activate it and then Yeah. That's true. But w like just normal light? And we're a very environmentally friendly company, aren't we as well? Yeah. Yeah. Like like a hand like one of those portable phones kind of thing. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Just in time. Yeah, mine seems to have turned off. I can't do anything. No. It's on, but there's nothing on the screen. Cool. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. I think, I've saved mine already. Cool. Fun. Yeah. Star fruit. No. Oh yeah, we can do buttons. No I'm good. Okay. Mm.
Yeah. Hi, me Raj, again. Uh in this meeting I I'm going to discuss about the trend watching, uh how these trends is going to affect our market potential and how important is this. So we have to look on this. First of all methodology. The met methodology to find out the trend was incl uh was done in a way We have done a rec not only a recent remote control market survey, but we also considered the latest fre fashion trends of the market, because we think that this is also a factor which will affect our sales and profit. So what are our findings? In our uh in our findings we have seen that when we did our remote control market survey we found that uh people l uh people do have preference for tho fancy mobi uh f remote controls which look and feel very good, rather than having a functional look and feel uh good. So this sh this clearly indicates their preference for the design their outlook of the remote controls. So we should take into uh we should consider this factor as the most important factor, because this factor is twice as important, the second factor which is further ti twice the as important as the sec as uh the third factor. So this factor becomes the most important factor in our surv uh uh in our mark uh means in take in designing our rem uh remote controls. No the first one is the uh the outlook of the mobile, the it should have a fancy outlook, the fancy design uh rather than just having a functional look and feel good, it should have a fancy look and foo feel good. The second most important aspect is that remote control should be a technologically uh innovative. We must have some technological advancement in the remote control tha rather than just putting it as it is as the other remo uh remote controls are. So it uh should be technologically innovative like glow-in-the-dark or speech recognition, something like that. So that indicates our technological advancement. And the third most important aspect in the ta to take into consideration is that it should be easy to use, like it shouldn't be too much co complicated, there shouldn't be too many buttons on this mobi uh remote control, it shouldn't be too complicated uh like this way. And it should be uh and customers should be provided with manuals that is easy to understand in their local language, something. So that they could know how to use these remote controls. When we did uh f fashions uh, recent fashion uh our recent fashion update shows that Ah yeah? Y yeah uh yeah, we have to, because uh d you can see how people have related their clothes, shoes, and everything with fruits and vegetables, because the g world is now changing it's trend towards organic, becoming more and more organic, becoming Yeah. So Yeah. So something like that we we should do. And people uh the f feel of the material is expected to be spongy rather than just having a plastic look, hard look. Yeah. Yeah. So so that they could play with it while handi uh while handling it. So that should also be taken into consideration. So these are my views. So No it ca y a The rubber which is good for health and which is quite disposable that we can take into co Yeah. 'Cause we It shouldn't be have any harm to the environment also, because our company is very well for taking all these concerns into consideration, so we don't want to have any harm to the society, so So that's all. S uh we didn't find out any such point. Uh yes, there could be, but we couldn't find out any, so Yeah. Oh no,. Yeah, uh yeah, uh yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. But in our market survey we have seen that people are willing to pay more, but they want the quality, they want f fancy look, they want some new design, something new. Uh yeah. Yeah. So even if we increase our cost little bit, within uh some limits, and we give something new technological advancement as well as new design with fancy outlook, I think we will meet the requirements and we will be able to have a good sales in the market. And the Uh i it will be easy because there will be, on L_C_D_ s screen, there will be different frent icons, they can just click ok okay, whatever they wa Ah yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I appreciate this idea, because then this this will help us in our advertisement also and we can relate with fruits and vegetables, the people's choices. That what our data shows that, so this w this w Uh the fashion trend shows that fruits and vegetables, like people uh now Spongy. Yeah, then only we can relate it with something. Yeah. Exactly. Or we can do something, we can design two three shapes and we can have a public survey, let the public choose what they want. Yeah, sure. I will be happy to do that. Yeah. Or we can we can do one thing, we can just have a remote control and casings of different different shapes, different fruit shapes in such a way that a any casing can be could be fit into this mobile general piece. So whatever people want, like if somebody want it in banana shape, we will put that casing onto that mobile phone, okay, it will look l Uh yeah. In that w S s sorry? Uh like if this is a like if this is a mobile phone uh we will design casing in such a way like half of, we need not to have a full cover, we will just have a half of cover, okay? If somebody wants it i in banana shape, we will fit banana shape casing onto that, so it will give a banana shape look. If somebody wanted in apple shape we will design that, we will put we will put apple shape casing on that. It will give apple shape look. So in that way you can have any, that means whatever you want, without uh yeah. Yeah, button will be on the upper side, buttons will be the on the upper side. Yeah, buttons will be on the upper side, lower side we will just put the casing, so half of that will be look the Yeah, not not the upper side. So from lower you can, it means while you are holding of from this side you c you can have banana look or apple look, whatever. So in that way we need not to d have different different shape mobiles everything, we will just design casings fruit shape. And Yeah,. But But but do you think that it will be a good idea to use dynamo, tha these type of cells? Because then people have to, well like if the cell is out of bat Yeah, to mo Yeah. Yeah, because most of the people Yeah. Uh, solar power will w also not be a good idea, because then they have to keep m their mobiles outside in solar energy, and the days when there is no sola sunlight Yeah. Yeah. What we w yeah. I think we should a rechargeable battery will be a good idea. They can they can recharge it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Uh excuse me, Bri You just touch the pad, yeah. No? That's great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh it was under a different name. I will show you, in shared documents. Uh working components. Oh, you didn't get that. I will send new. Uh I'll put it in shared documents, again. Project documents, sorry, I put it in the shared documents. Uh yeah. Right, that's great. But I cou can't open that, because it w asks uh for some username or password. I'll show you. Ts Sorry. Uh. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, th thank you. Oh sorry. Uh excuse me, Brian. You have to keep your pen separate, because I used your pen. S Hmm. Hmm. So sh should Should we leave now, Brian? Or we are going to discuss something? Yeah. Excuse me. Sorry. Thank you. Yeah. So.
";The Marketing Expert presented the results of a market survey that indicated users' most important preferences in remote control features. He discussed trends in fashion that should be incorporated into the prototype design. The User Interface Designer compared the designs of several competitors' remotes to decide which features should be used in their own design. She discussed using voice recognition, an LCD screen, and color to make the device easier to use and to improve its look. The Industrial Designer went over all of the internal components and materials that will be incorporated in the design. He gave a layout of the placement of the components in the device. The group decided to use a rubber or latex material to give the device a spongy feel. He discussed the color and shape of the remote with the group and the placement of the components on the device. The group discussed colors and shapes further, and decided that the remote will be yellow, and perhaps having a fruit-inspired shape. The group decided to use a rechargeable battery and recharging stand. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to construct the prototype. 
"Hmm. E excuse me I forgot my copy. No, not mine yet. Yeah. Uh can I have Oh sorry s Mm-hmm. Mm. And double curve on both sides? Curve. Yeah, this is double-curve, no? This is double-curve. It This one is single curve. 'Cause this is single curve, this is curved on both sides. So double-curve. Like this, one curve on this side, one curve on that side. Hmm. Hmm. Maybe. Mm. Should Uh you can do one thing. You just select one box outsi yeah, this box. Then move it with the help of this Okay. Just uh just uh Okay, just a minute. Okay. No input, like this. Shift. No it's not. Yeah, it's not working. Should we ask Meli Should we ask our technical expert Melissa? Yeah. Yeah, we Yeah. Yeah, these are new ideas, like glow-in-the-dark or something like that. We discussed all the new ideas, but of course we couldn't reach any proper goals, we couldn't use these, but we h we are using these scroll buttons like this. These are new ideas we And new shapes, everything. At le Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. So So Uh Brian, have you have you finished? Uh mine needs also this. At last mine is also the presentation. Yeah, yeah. S Uh is the project evaluated, that is mine. Yeah. So. Yeah. So. So now is the final evaluation, final evaluation of the uh uh of our product. How we are going to means uh at what standard what standard whether it meets our standards or not. How mu What rating we will give to these products. So of course this is will be a team work, w we together have to decide wha what rating we will give to this product and everything. So what methodology I will tell you on what basis we are going to discuss all this. We will give the rating to this product based on the user requirements, whether it meets the user requirements or not, this product. Then trends, whether it is as fashion trends or not? Means because we have already stated that people do prefer fashionable things nowadays. So this is also an important factor for our evaluation also. Then marketing strategy of the company. As we have already discussed that our company is quite in the market, not only in terms of providing quality products, not only in pro providing latest technologies, but also in terms of providing environmental s Yeah. So but also in terms of providing environmental safe products, uh yeah like uh keeping uh keeping in mind all the safety issues. So Now comes the criteria rating with seven point scale. I'm having this scale this scale, so we have to do it on a board. the user requirem I think. Thank you. So. So these are the three crite criterias for our evaluation of our product. First of all uh comes user requirement. So we will see whether this product meets all user requirements or not. I I will first I would like to have your views, what do you think whether it meets all user requirements or not? S So what do you think you will personally give. Seven. Uh. Uh one is means highest ranking, okay. But I think highest ranking is seven, or one? Okay, right right. So it's one for from your point of view. And what do you say our Industrial Expert? Uh d you can you can tell on on the like I think she has given her views on the basis of design, because she was our i Interface Expert. But you can give your views based on technology, whether the technology meets the requirements of the customers or not? Two. And what about uh you, Brian? You will go for one. Okay. Uh for me personally it is everything fine, it may be having good design, it may be uh meeting all the requirements of the customers like technology-wise, price-wise, but there is one thing which limits the customers, like we are having only two, three designs, like we are having one banana design and the other one is orange, and Uh yeah, lower end. And the third one is what you ge uh that is not a f fruit look. But if a person doesn't like banana, or orange, you are limiting him. No, don't buy our product, because we are l we like this only. So we are showing our preference for particular fruits, two or three kinds rather, and Yeah. So. Uh no, uh personally as a Marketing Expert I don't believe that, because whatever companies they launch their products in the shape of fruits, they give a range of products, a range of shapes, like if we see, look at the smallest thing, toffee chocolates, they give a variety of different things. Some children like to buy banana shape, some apple shape, some even pineapple shape, some orange shape. So you can what shape a person will like. So in this case giving only one or two choices we are lim limiting our customers. And by limiting them, we are limiting our sales, limiting our profit also. Uh maybe. Okay but I will I will personally won't give it beyond three. So we can Yeah, on an average we can think three, four sevenths, maybe. Three or four? Uh, no sorry, it should be No sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, we are doing a very wrong thing. Yeah, yeah, we are taking everything, and that's I have taken it very wrongly. Yeah uh three four four two six seven seven sev Yeah one pe exactly. So we can say one or two. because it is one point eight uh two, so we will do two. Yeah. So where were the trends. Sorry? Yeah, again the the fashion trends, this also like whether it it will be fashionable to have these products in the uh as a fruit shape or something. Uh. Okay. Yeah. Uh Okay. Uh personally I wi uh I think that in terms of trends, these products are quite good, like, these products are in fruit shape, because that wha people now our fashion trend shows that people like everything all f everything that is being advertised, like clothes, shoes, and everything is being advertised in the form of fruits and vegetables, or getting them or showing some association with them. So and in this way our product is good. And the second thing, now people don't want any complicated or bulky products and ours is quite simple and quite handy. So that is also ef that also Our product meets the f the fashion uh trends of the market. And yes. It is cus spongy also. So they can play with it, it's quite good. So then I think, maybe I can give it two. So four five ten thirteen thirteen. So we can Is it fine? So what about company strategy? Okay. So what about you, Brian? Yeah, and me also, like, this product me uh me uh me uh this meets all company strategy like our product should be as per customers' requirement, as per latest technology, and it should be environmental safe. So since our product meets all these requirements, so I would also prefer to give it rank one. So four six six half. So we can say two or one Okay. So th seven seven. Uh overall we are getting two something, but we can round it as two. Yeah. So I think overall uh evaluation of our product is quite good. So we can launch it. Yeah. So yeah. Great.
Okay. We'll sta I'll use the PowerPoint, I guess. How was that, was that fun? Okay. Uh oh I've forgotten to mail you the minutes, but I will do. Upsidaisy. Um Um we Yeah. Alright, okay, yeah. He's gonna get his pen. Um Will you guys first with your prototype um before we get to the good news? Uh we have budget problems. I'm afraid you're all sacked. Oops. I don't even have this on. Okay, have you got a presentation to make? No. Okay so it's just your your show. Three? Oh. Tomato? What tomato? I don't recall a tomato. Ah I see, okay. Mm-hmm. Logo. Okay, brilliant. Okay. Okay, so the buttons would be like, you know individual users, or Yeah. Alright, okay. Right. That's groovy. Well I like the feel of it, I like the feel of it. At Oh dear. Alright, okay. Okay, brilliant mm. Okay, nice and obvious there, if it's standing up, I guess, yeah. Oh right, okay, brilliant. Like that from its centre. Where you're, yeah, uh were you're holding it kind of Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, scale model, yeah. Mm-hmm. Alright, excellent. Okay. No. It's out of the way as well, I suppose, so. Excellent. Yep. Okay, so so Barney the banana. Ah excellent, just what we need. Lo Sort of Loch Ness banana. Cool yeah. Well, nice to have uh options at least. 'Kay and Oh there are issues, oh there are issues. Um main problem that we have unfortunately being finance. Uh, let's just enter in the um evaluation criteria. Um unfortunately the unit we are currently going to produce minus the extra scroll buttons, uh it's gonna cost us fourteen point six Euros. So we have to rea Sorry, I've accidentally highlighted somehow Um. There we go. Oh god, why is it doing that? There we go. So basically, um in order to save our two Euros um I was thinking that we could have essentially the same shape, but just have it flattened. Um. Yeah, I mean it's already got a kind of cool shape, so but it wouldn't have to be curved sort of in and out. And by doing so Oh no, hold on. Doesn't save us quite as much. I don't know what's going on with this again. Oh, good point. Um. That's sort of curve in and out. No, I think it means double curved as in um like uh a single curve on that bottom half, and the double curved would be if it was that similar curve upward. Okay, I might be wrong though. I don't think that counts as a curve, I think that's just a shape. A curvature is like the this case. Yeah, and why why I've got it two, I don't know, I can't seem to select any more however. Right. No. It's meant to be one, yeah, I don't know why I put two in there, but um Hold on till I find it, I think this shift button might be stuck again. No maybe the shift button's stuck in. Um okay, so that would take away three, which would give us Oh that's fine. Eleven uh eleven Euros sixty. Um We cou Oh not quite, have the scroll-wheel, unfortunately. What? Yeah. Yeah, I know, that just extends it as well. I don't know. It One of the buttons is sticking, I don't know. No, it's 'cause the uh the shift button's stuck, or something. No that's fine. Um we've worked out what it would be anyway. Yeah. Cancel. Piss off. Oh well, never mind. Um. Right, so that's finances and I dunno what we what could we reckon we could add? Um Well I suppose that's our that's that's our design that we've got. So Yeah. Yeah yeah. Well that's that's uh Okay, so project evaluation. We have under twelve Euros fifty. Project process, how do we think that went? Are we happy? Okay. Evaluation. Oh we've been writing this up for m months. Uh room for creativity, were we happy with that? No, I mea I think it means sort of individually. Yes, no, maybe? Okay. Groovy. So uh we're just gonna. Uh yeah, okay. Teamwork? Leadership, sorry. Thank you very much. You're all get you're all getting a raise. Uh teamwork. I thought went well. Yeah. Uh and well means, yeah. The technical stuff was brilliant. Let's buy more. Uh Right. Um I don't know what, new ideas found, means, to be honest. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Groovy. So just general thumbs up for all of us then. That kind of unfortunately is too quick. Uh. I suppose yeah. Um. That's it, um I think another couple of days holiday pay might be well in order for all of you. Uh Let's see if I can get this bloody thing to work. Whoops. Does it go back in, does it? Reusable. I don't know what this is but it's really really annoying. Uh-huh. Um I have, yes. Huh? Oh right, okay, you've got more, okay. Sorry uh. It didn't bother to tell me that on this thing. Is it? Okay. Doesn't tell me. Oh you're doing that. We evaluated ourselves, we thought we were great. Mm. O okay, hold on. I wonder w which cell do I want. Okay, I didn't realise you had that bit. Okay. Okay. Alright, okay. The board working again, is it? Uh. Yeah. When the user requirement is essentially just to operate the T_V_, so yeah, of course we haven't actually got a working model yet. One, yeah. No it's it's like true is one end, and false is the oth Oh, I'll go for a one. Basic requirements but of the pro of the project. Yeah th Come on that was the tha 'Kay. Being fruitist. He's a tough cookie. Six. Five or six. Oh I see. Yeah, I am sort of pret uh Just the fruit does me in, I mean uh it might it might be trendy to some, but I'm just not swallowing the fruit, so um Uh also uh I would have liked to have seen the L_C_D_ screen in it. Um so yeah I'd say about four as well. Yeah, yeah. Um yeah, a three. Pretty much kept to the company strategy, so I would go for a a one, as we not only kept it, but we were limited by Cool, groovy. Cool. Brilliant. In which case we are done. 'Cause we've evaluated and we are within budget. Champagne lunch anyone?
Okay. Mm. Very fun. Oh right. Okay. Mm. Okay. Sure. We made three for you. Um one's based on the banana, one's based on the tomato and the other one is st Look. Oh yeah, well yeah, we had v some red left over. So. Okay, so this is the um non to non uh no buttons one, or as mm few buttons as possible, mainly speak recognition. The yellow there is the um the slogan, yeah, that we need to incorporate, it's very simple. If you do need buttons, you can flip it over, and there's some there, um but mainly it's speech recognition. Yeah. Yeah and yeah they might project things onto the screen which you can do on there. Mm I'm not sure about that. Um and this one is the one w more like the one w that we looked at earlier. Yeah, you guys can have a look at that if you want. Yeah, sure. Um that one is Oh no, it's delicate. That's that's already got its stand that one. That's it stand. It does also lie flat, but that's the that yellow stand there represents the the charging stand. Um the black on the back is the slogan. Uh yeah, that Well, we did think of that. Yeah, if it's standing up it's it's on there, but also we're gonna have the company name on the front, which is the little black kind of line in the middle. So um and that's the um transmit the L_E_D_ thing. These are the s two scroll ones which we thought could be channel up and down and volume up and down. We n were weren't sure about putting them there, because um i it's it kind of could get bashed. Yeah. Well, if you hold it, you can you all can hold it, is it does actually feel quite ergonomic, if you've got small hands. Um, obviously I don't think that's real sized. It would have to be a bit bigger. Okay. Um that's a speaker at the top, so you can speak into it like a little walkie-talkie as well for speak recognition. Um and um then the buttons. Yeah kind of self-explanatory, just buttons whenever you need them. Tried to keep it simple. Oh that's the charging base prongs at the bottom. We used those. And um then the big red button in the middle is the on and off one. It's not in the traditional place, but um it's quite an obvious place. So there we go and and um we have the banana-based one too. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So are there any um improvements or issues or Oh. Oh. Ooh. Mm-hmm. More like a traditional remote control. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Like an S_ shape. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Cool. Cool. So we could even add something. Well maybe we could add something, but maybe if What do you th We're trying to save money, so. Yeah, if we're happy with the design there's no point in spending money, if we don't have to. But if there is anything you think we've missed out there, then, you know, feel free to add it. Maybe I mean obviously it would be bigger so there might be more space for the the slogan on the front, because it's not in an ideal place right now. Mm. I think it went quite smoothly. W I think we were very creative. Oh right, okay. Mm-hmm. Excellent leadership. Yeah, everyone got enough input, I think. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Well um. Mm. Yeah, maybe. Oh, you got a presentation, sorry. Yeah. Mm, love to eat that now. Kind of a green banana now. It's this as well, sorry, we forgot to mention it'll be made out of kind of a rubbery latex, new material that we've got. I've got. Yeah. Oh could you pass the tomato please. Sorry. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sorry. Sorry, carry on. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um. Mm-hmm. Um I think Yeah, it did. It had all the basic buttons that they needed as well as the uh new technology that people said they wanted. Um so. Does it work? Yeah. So. I would say seven. Seven is good, yeah, isn't it? I can't True or false? No sorry tr one is true. Yeah. Okay, so one. Yep. Mm yellow. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Okay. Is that no is that not trends? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. But in electronics, I think, it's not q always quite so um you don't always have so many choices as with chocolates. I think, you know, if you're going to buy a T_V_ maybe a company'll have That you're going to choose from, a company'll have two or three choices, but they're different designs. We were coming up with one product. No, I mean uh obviously your opinion, I'm just trying to Okay. What are we doing? Adding them up? Oh. Okay. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well um going on uh the specifications that we had, that fruit and vegetables are quite popular, and that people like something that is good to look at and not many buttons, I would give it um, well, because it's hard to make a fruit good to look at, that that looks cool, you know, so I would actually give it a three. Tha three or four, I'm not sure. Three. Go for three. That's fine. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um. Yeah, the company strategy, okay. Um there was lot of discussing, that was good. Um I feel I got my say. Um so I'd give the company strategy a two. Okay. Is it? Okay. Okay, so one or two. One. Okay, just leave it, it's fine. Mm. Yeah, one. Okay. Woo-hoo. Cool. Yeah.
Okay, almost there. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, there's good news? Oh. Oh. Cutbacks. Hmm. Okay. Oh. Um maybe we should bring so that the camera can see. Yeah. Okay. Mm. Oh yeah, yeah. This one is uh, I suppose for the younger audiences. A a more friendly type of Right, right. It's to uh induce more television watching I suppose or Yeah. Say it for the camera. Right, right. Yep. It won't stand. Just let it lie down, it wont stand. What's on the uh on the left? Okay. W why is the uh double curved two of them? Is i Mm. 'Cause that's the uh the biggest expense there, right. got two of them Okay. Well we can work around that um Cut things out. But you think it should be one. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, so we're We should fire the accountants. Fire the accountants. Ah yeah, we could add things. Maybe if you click back in that bottom right cell, where you're starting from, and then use the arrow keys. Does that work? No mm. Is it the other shift button maybe? Did you try both shift buttons? It could be the other side. That's too bad. Oh. Yeah I think we have a a winning product. Great leadership. Yeah, yeah. These pens are are neat though. Okay. Uh so let's talk about our bonuses and the raises we're getting for this, right. Right, right. Uh maybe we should start cleaning up the clay. Something we should get. Oh ok Uh. Anybody Clay covered banana. blue. It's fun to touch. Do we have the uh the marker for the board? There it is. No that's false. Uh. It's hard to know. I I give it a two. Okay. Um yeah, I think i it might even exceed it um. But I guess there is a kind of a shortage of buttons. Um I'm gonna give it a two. Two. What are we doing? We're gonna average them? Okay. So seven fourths. About one point f one point eight. Okay. Yeah round it up to two. So trends. Can you explain what you want us to write there? How it how conforms to the current trends? 'Kay. As far as the uh technology it its' got the latest trends in speech technology, but it's missing the screen, as we said, um but it does have the push-buttons, or the scroll-buttons, um but it doesn't have that fancy solar power or the the vibrating energy mechanism. So I give it a a four. I'd give it a kinda middle of the road for for technology. Yeah. Well it was yellow. Well, I think it's the the remote control conforms to the the company strategy. Is that the question? Um. Yeah. I'll go with two. So one and a half. A two. Yep. S Okay. Uh.
";"The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented their prototypes to the group. Two prototypes featured different fruit shapes, with one including speech recognition instead of a large number of buttons. It also featured scroll wheels for channel control. The other prototype was designed like a banana with children users in mind. The Project Manager announced to the group that with all of their desired features, the project would go over the alotted budget; after a reanalysis of the features of the prototype, the project came in under the budget instead. It was decided that another feature could possibly be added. The group evaluated their effectiveness as a team and felt that all members worked well together and could be creative, and that the project had very good leadership. The Marketing Expert led an evaluation of the prototype according to the initial project goals; the evaluation showed that most of the goals had been sufficiently satisfied in order to launch the product. "
"Why are you looking at me? Do I have a choice? Okay. Ooh ooh, things falling everywhere. Right, okay. Cool. Okay. So, my name's Cat and I'm really not very good at this whole drawing malarkey so um Okay. Oh, good point. Ah, the eyes always ruin it. Right. Okay, what do it's eyes like? Okay, cool. Um this is a rabbit. Yeah, I don't think it's furry enough, so we'll make it a fluffy rabbit. Okay, right, it's a fluffy rabbit, blue. Rabbits don't come in blue but you know. Um okay and I like it because it's small and it's fluffy. And one day you'll be able to getical genetically modify them and they will come in pink. Okay? I am the um I need my notebook, mm ooh top banana. Thank you. Okay, cool, I am the Marketing Expert um so like I'm gonna be doing the apparently according to the little guy in the computer that knows everything the user g requirements specification of the functional design, um trend watching in the conceptual design and product evad-valuation in the detailed design um so yeah. Um I'm from Leicester, um second year. Um what else do you want to know? I like sports um yeah, aerobics, kickboxing, spinning um and uh not with rabbits, no no. And vets, I like vets as well. And yeah um and I like cocktails, especially pink ones. Okay? Cool. Is a bit more impressive than my rabbit. I think it needs four legs if it's gonna walk though. They're not just like a big round body and then some really skinny legs and then just some horns. It looks like Eeyore. Horns, draw some horns. Is that a lizard? Is there a difference? If you right click on it you can Yeah, I was looking at the website, and the other things that they've made and I like put down some like inspirational words like that I got from looking at the pictures. So the motto is um we put the fashion in electronics and um so it's something that is sleek and stylish but it's still functional, you know? So I'm kind of thinking, you know like those phones that they have, the new generation ones, where they don't actually have any buttons on them and stuff like that. You know, so something heading towards that, so it's not overly I mean I don't know what h most of the buttons do on my remote controls, so I figure how many do you need, you know? Okay. Something that's a little less crowded than this, like I mean you know, theoretically you can do all kinds of things with your T_V_, right? But what do most people do? They turn it on, they watch certain specified channels, you know, and then they turn it off again. Sometimes they play a movie. Yeah, so there's no need to have buttons on it to do that, maybe to do Yeah. So, if you're the kind of sad case that knows how your remote control works, then you know that's fine and you can do it on the screen rather than everybody else having to have those buttons, which just confuse them. Hmm. 'Cause like if you look at the train, it's just very like, there's no extra bits on it, the train on the website and I dunno if you can put it up on the thing um but it is just like a long like thing used for mu moving people, but it looks really pretty too. Mm-hmm.
... Mm, yeah. I didn't receive it yet. Not at this point. Yeah well origi uh at first I thought it was going to be cat. Yeah now I now I understand now, yeah. Yeah. Ah. Okay. Um so my name is Maarika. Where's the pen? Okay. Yeah, well, or I can make it smaller. Uh so um um I'm the Interface Designer in this project and my favourite animal, I m I mean I'm not so sure because I'm not so so very um familiar with all kinds of animals, but I do like dogs. Oh, sorry, maybe I should have shouldn't have said it beforehand but mm hmm. Um well, there are different kinds of dogs, but okay um. Okay. Yeah, maybe it has some colourful patches, yeah. Um yeah and I do like dogs because they are good friends to people and they are loyal. Mm, well that's compared to some other animals like cats. Um they're really much more fun because they are not so independent. Um yeah maybe maybe the fact that they protect their home as well, yeah. Um what it has to do with with my role in the project is hard to say. Uh I hope to be loyal to the project and not to n not to um let people doing similar projects know the details of our project or something, yeah. I'm from Estonia uh, yep. Um so is there anything else you'd like to know? Oh, right, my roles, um so um in the different um stages of the design, so at first I will be responsible for um for yeah, designing the technical functions of the um um of the remote control uh then in the in the conceptual design stage I need to um come up with uh interface concept and then in the last um stage I will be responsible for the int infa for the user interface design. Okay, that's it. Thanks. It looks very very cute. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Wow. Ah, a gecko, okay. Is a ar are they also like lizards or are they yeah, they are mm-hmm. Ah. Mm-hmm. I hope you don't like snakes, do you? Okay. Mm-hmm. Wonderful. Yep. I'm just wondering whether whether there is like any special feature that we want to have w want this remote control have as opposed to the already existing ones. Mm-hmm. Yeah but uh I mean e even though it has to be re original we shouldn't uh go like too far away from from the usual ones, because otherwise the new users will just have a lot of problems with l learning, yeah, yeah. Hm-hmm. Okay. Thank you. See you.
Okay. So, this is uh first meeting of this design project. Um and I um like to show you the agenda for the meeting, I don't know if it was sent round to all of you. Maybe not. Anyway, this is the the plan for today's meeting is um firstly just to introduce the project briefly, um although I'm sure you've actually got some of the information already. Then the main purpose is to so that we get to know each other a little bit more. Um then we want to practice using some of the tools that we'll be using during the the course of the design project and the meetings, um specifically the whiteboard over there. Um then we need to go through the specifics of our project plan um and discuss come up with some preliminary ideas about it. And then that's it. So we've got twenty five minutes to do that, that's until eleven twenty five. S so any any questions? Is i not at this point. So this is our project. What we're aiming to do is to create a new remote control for a television. Um we want it to be something original, something trendy and also something user friendly, so it has to be quite intuitive that people are able to use this product. The method that we're going to use to complete the project, that has three components as such. There's the functional design of the the remote control. We're going the way we'll do that I think is to to work individually initially and then come together for meetings to to work on that. Um similarly with the conceptual design, we'll start off by working individually with our own expertise on our own laptops and then we'll bring what we've done together. Um and then the detailed design will come after that. We'll pull it all together. I think it th w we're talking the the functional design is more your um area of things where you'll be we want to look at what functions we need in the remote control and what what specific things it it has to do but the conceptual design is um perhaps bigger than that and includes the how people are going to use it and and that kind of thing. Um I think we'll we'll start that initially with the functional design already but then yeah. Okay, so that's just a brief overview of the p the the project itself. Um what I'd like us to do now is simultaneously introduce ourselves and start using some of the tools that we're using for for the project, specifically the whiteboard. So each person in turn, I'd like us to go up to the whiteboard, the pen's just underneath it there and draw your favourite animal and then tell everyone what the f your favourite characteristics of that animal are and while you're doing that tell us your name, what your role is and perhaps how your animal relates to the role that you're taking in this project. Would you like to go first? Oh, yeah, p put them in pockets. You don't have to hurry, we've got plenty of time. It's got no eyes. I thought it might be a cat. Yeah I can see by the ears. Mm. Excellent, and what's your what's your role within the team? Mm-hmm. And more about yourself, you're from? Mm-hmm. But not with rabbits. Excellent, to match the rabbit. There's a an if you have not enough room there's an eraser there and you can rub it off. Ah it looks like a dog. the other legs are on the other side.. And where where are you from? Estonia. Good luck. Mm. It's eating. Yeah. Excellent. Right, now now it's my turn obviously. Okay, here's a space. Yeah, I like the cow. I'm Jen. Um I like dogs too, but I can't do that already because I can't draw a dog as well as you can. I like Mm. Hmm. It's a gecko. Yeah. They're Yeah, they're l it's a kind of lizard. And I I like geckos because they remind me of warm places and, and where I was living in Cambodia they used to live in my house and they were on the ceiling and they would make little gecko noises in the evening. I don't like snakes. I come from Australia and we have nasty snakes. That's where I'm from, Australia. I'm from Melbourne and I'm your Project Manager for today and my role is basically to keep things going and make sure that you all work together in a productive way, so that by the end of the day we come up with a great product. Okay. So, let's see what's next in the PowerPoint presentation. So, I've just thought yeah I've just thought about this that we could even put it much more professionally as there we go. Okay, so this is the um overall budget for our project. We've got um we're planning to sell these remote controls for let's make that go away, that means we've got five minutes. Um we're planning to sell the remote controls for twenty five Euros each. Um and with that we're aiming for a profit of fifty million Euros. And that's selling them on the international market, not just in the U_K_. Um so to do that our finance people estimate that we need production costs of maximum twelve and a half Euro so that we can reach that profit target. So that's something to keep in mind while you're designing. Okay. Hmm. This is let me just skip ahead to see that's the last thing, okay. We've only got a couple of minutes. Does anyone have any first ideas to bounce around about um what we're thinking of this remote control? Mm-hmm. I think that's probably something that w it's best if we take away with us, but if we all have a think, when we go away from the meeting, what specific things could be um included in this remote control that that are out of the ordinary. Something something new. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. So perhaps some sort of menu-based thing, or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, no. It could be one button for a menu or something, if you really need to go and do that. Mm-hmm. Excellent. Oh I haven't had a look yet, yep. Mm-hmm. Great. Any other immediate thoughts before we move along? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's like those fancy websites that you can't access because you have no idea how to get in, but the designers thought they were great. Okay, so we need to wrap it up now, so that we can go away and get on with some of this. Um we've got another meeting in thirty minutes, so you're you'll be getting specific instructions once you go back to your workspace, but im basically you're looking at the working design, you're looking at the technical functions design, and for you it's the user requirements specification, like you said at the start. Okay? Thanks for that. Uh I'll see you in half an hour. Carry the laptops back again. Do we need to unplug things? Probably.
Mm-hmm. so sh. I'm a bit confused about uh what's the difference between the functional design and conceptual design? Uh i is it just uh more detail, uh as I understand it? Right. How how it will be done. So whe where do we identify the components of our uh product? Uh I think it's it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the it's in the conceptual design phase that we identify the components of our product? Okay. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay. Mm. Cool. Mm. That's not bad at all. Yep... Thank you. Okay um I'll do some I'll rub the features and let the drawing stay. 'Kay um my name is Gaurav. Um my favourite animal one of my favourite animals is a cow. I've got no idea how to draw a cow. Uh this is going to be Yeah, that'll do. Okay, so let let me draw the body first. Big, round body, really skinny legs and they've got a long tail and a long face. And there is some grass there. So this is what I like about cows that they just keeps sitting there eating grass, they do not disturb anybody um they're kind of Buddhist in a way. So yeah, I like cows. Um my my role in the project is um uh the industrial designer, so I'm supposed to design all the details of of the product um ho how it works and whatever it'll mm take during the functional role, what are the various functions that have to be performed by it uh during the um conceptual design, what are the various components of it and um finally, I'm not too sure what was the last part. Um the detailed design, I I guess it will again be the identification of the components and how they integrate with each other. Um I'm from India. Uh I'm doing my P_H_D_ in Psycholinguistics, I sit at the Department of Psychology. Yeah. Thank you. That doesn't look like a cow, does it? No way. Ah okay. Uh-huh. Mm. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think uh i in the beginning uh one thing was that was mentioned was that it should be mm trendy, user friendly and original so um I think your point is relevant as far as the originality is concerned, that we should provide some features that are quite unique to this. Mm. Alright. Mm. Yeah. There is a lot of functionality in there that is not used ninety percent of the time, but will be used ten percent of the time, yeah. Yep. And then use the Mm. Mm. Uh we can aim for I mean we can think about all these little things, but we can aim for something wi that gives a high battery life, although I don't think that um it's a huge problem for remote controls anyway, battery life, uh every now and then you need to replace the batteries. Um Hmm. Yeah. A big learning curve, yeah. Yeah. So, i it should kind of fit in as well, and the stereotype of a yeah. Alright.. Hmm.
";The project manager opens the meeting by going over the agenda. She explains the project, which is to create a new remote control for television that should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. The three components of completing the project will be functional, conceptual, and detailed design. They introduce themselves by going up to the white board and stating their name, role, drawing their favorite animal, and sharing their favorite characteristic about the animal. After they talk about their overall budget, they discuss what special features they want to include in this remote control that existing ones do not have. They discuss making a menu-based remote which would be less crowded with buttons and therefore stylish and sleek but functional. They end the meeting with the project manager going over the task each member is to complete before the next meeting. 
"Mm. You said uh targ target groups, what does that mean? Uh okay, 'kay. So are Okay. Alright. I can go first, yeah. Right. Um so f from the Right sure. Uh okay. So n uh with uh with regard to the uh working design of this uh uh remote control uh I've identified um a few basic uh components of the remote and uh se uh from the design, functional design perspective um w I c we can now uh know wha what exactly the components are and how how they work together with each other. So this is the method that uh I'll mostly be following in my um in my uh role. Um the identification of the components, uh and uh since since I'm dealing only with the technical aspects, I would need feedback from the marketing person uh and uh from the user interface person. Uh we'll then integrate this into the product design at a technical level and uh basically update and come up with a new design, so it's a cyclical process. Okay, so these were the basic findings from today. The last three bullets have been integrated from uh the last minute uh email. Uh I just quickly jotted them down. Um so basically uh the as I told you the identification of how the remote control works and what are the various parts to it uh and what are the different processes um and how the parts uh communicate with each other. Um okay, so e the mee email said that teletext is now outdated, so we need to do away with that functionality of the remote control. Um also uh the remote control should be used only for television, because incorporating other features um makes it more comp complex. And the reason why teletext is outdated because uh of internet and uh the availability of internet over television. How however, our our remote control would only be dealing uh with the the use for television, in order to keep things simple. Um also the management wants that um our design should be unique uh it so it should incorporate um colour and the slogan uh that our company um has it as its standard. Okay, so he he here is a functional overview of the remote control. Um there's basically an energy source at the heart uh which feeds into the chip and the user interface. The user interf interface communicates with the chip, so I'll basic go over to the Okay. So if uh if this is our energy source and this is a cell, uh it communicates uh it feeds energy into the into the chip, which basically finds out h uh how how to do everything. There is a user interface here. So whe when the user presses a button, it feeds into the chip and the chip then generates a response and takes the response to an infrared terminal, um which then so the output of the chip is an infrared bit code, which is then communicated to the remote site, which h has an infrared receiver. Um the there can be uh a bulb here or something to indicate whether the remote is on or communicating. Um so these are the essent so a all the functionality of the remote control, whatever new functions that we need to do, um make the chip more complicated uh and bigger, basically. Okay. Um so i in my personal preferences um I'm hoping that we can ke keep the design as simple and clear as possible. This would uh help us uh to upgrade our technology at a future point of time. And uh also if we can incorporate uh the latest features in our chip design, so that our um uh remote control does not become outdated soon and it's compatible with mot most uh televisions. That's about it. So anything that you would like to know or No, I don't have any idea about what each component costs. Um yeah. Anything else? Yeah. Certainly, yeah. So so tha yeah, we definitely need to operate within our constraints, but um unfortunately I I do not have any data, so uh I just identified the functional components for that. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Mm 'kay. I it'll take some time. Oh, there it is, yeah. It'll come up, it um uh no signal. Yeah yeah, it says something now, adjusting Okay. Oh, that's strange. Okay. And one more time. Mm. Sorry, cou could you go back for a second? Uh switching on off channel, uh volume, okay, that's great. So in the u user interface requirements uh uh uh we we have been able to identify what are the basic buttons that we do want. Um but um so so at this stage, uh how we go about implementing those button we will not identify or I mean in we can completely do away with buttons and uh have some kind of a fancy user interface or something like that. But uh is is there any uh uh any thoughts on that? Right. Yeah, and it'll make the costs yeah. Right. Uh I think the co costs will also play a big role when we come to know about them. So well we can probably wait until t we have more knowledge on that. Uh i if the if the costs allow, we can have like an L_C_D_ display and uh with um because we do want something fancy and fashionable as well. So yeah? Cool. try to press oh, okay, yep. Mm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm. Right. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Right. Mm. Mm. Mm. Some kind of a ring, some Right. Hmm. Okay, that's great, thanks. Mm. I think one of the very interesting things that came up in um uh Ka Kate Cat Cat's uh presentation was um uh this this issue of uh uh like voice recognition being more popular with uh younger people. So if we need to have a target group um then uh I think as far as the m motto of our company is concerned, if we want to have something sleek and uh you know, good looking uh we are better off targeting a younger audience then um you know, people who are comparatively elderly. Um. Right. Right. Bu but but the survey did say that f things like voice recognition are more popular with them, so if you want to put in something stylish, then uh th it'll certainly be more popular with this i ye with the younger people as compared to older people, yeah. Right, and Right. Mm. Right. But uh still, if if you can go back to that slide and uh, how popular was it? Oh, oh, okay. That's alright, if you can just look it up on your computer, wh uh um people between twenty five to thirty five, uh how popular was so it was sti still still quite popular amongst them. So even they are seventy six percent, is that high amount? Alright. Yeah. So you're more likely to b Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Bu but even even in the case of twenty five to thirty five it's quite popular, right? So mm uh are are are Mm. Mm. Um I was having a a general outlook on um m most like sophisticated features, but voice recognition itself I'm not very sure about, because one of the p uh things that Cat pointed out was uh uh how do we go about implementing it? Uh and uh Yeah. But how frequently do we use it anyway and um uh h ho how good is it, you know uh voice recognition softwares are still quite uh Yeah. Right. Right. Okay. O Right. Mm. Right. Yeah. Okay, so it seems like a feasible thing to implement uh for for a limited yeah. Mm. W What uh Mm. What wh uh what I was thinking is that there is this uh separation between what the channels are on T_V_ and how they are numbered on the remote control. If we can do with away with that, our product can be really popular uh in the sense that uh a person can say, I want to watch uh I_T_V_ one instead of saying that I want to go onto channel number forty five. Yeah, so if uh if something like that can be incorporated, some kind of Mm-hmm. Alright. Yeah, that's Right. Mm. Mm yeah and it might become very difficult from a distance for the television to understand what you're saying because of the noise factor for the remote control being cl I mean it'll it'll mm. Yeah. Mm. So uh wh another thing uh that can be used is that uh there can be a beeper button on the T_V_, so you can go and press that button and um and the remote control, wherever it is, it'll beep, so we we can probably come to know where it is. Right, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright, yeah. Right. Okay. So where exactly is this i Ah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah in that one, right yeah. No. Right. I guess I'll find out. Wha what was it again that I was supposed to look into? Con components, oh.
Cool. Do you wanna give me the little cable thing? Yeah. Cool. Ah, that's why it won't meet. Okay, cool. Yep, cool. Okay, functional requirements. Alright, yeah. It's working. Cool, okay. So what I have, wh where I've got my information from is a survey where the usability lab um observed remote control use with um a hundred subjects and then they gave them a questionnaire. Um so it was all about, you know, how people feel about the look and feel of the remote control, you know. What's the most annoying things about remote controls and um the possibility of speech recognition and L_C_D_ screens in remote control. Not that they actually gave me any answers on the L_C_D_ screens, so I should have taken that bit out, but anyway. Um okay, so. What they found is that people don't like how current remote controls are, so you know, definitely you should be looking at something quite different. Um seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Uh the other twenty five percent have no fashion sense. Uh eighty percent of users would spend more to get um you know, a nice looking remote control. Um current remote controls, they don't match the user behaviour well, as you'll see on the next slide. Um I dunno what zapping is, but Oh, right. But you have that little thing that comes up at the bottom and tells you what's on. Um okay, fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons, so that's going back to what, you know, we were saying earlier about, you know, do you need all the buttons on the remote control, they just make it look ugly. Okay? Cool. Um so this is my little graph thing. Mm k Okay, well, I can send it to all of you. What it is is um it's cones, 'cause I thought they'd be more exciting. Um but ooh where's it go? Back. Oh. Oh yes, cool. Okay, I'm gonna stop playing with the little pointy thing. Um okay, so like what it shows is how much things are used relatively and what you can clearly see from that is the thing that's used most is the channel selection. What you can't see is volume selection, it's a little bit higher than all the others. Yeah, so what the graph shows is that, you know, power, channel selection and volume selection are important, and the rest of them, you know, nobody really uses and so that's the the numbers along the top represent their like um their importance, you know, so on a scale of one to ten, how important is that and, you know, channel selection and volume selection are absolutely essential, and the power, well it's not quite so essential, apparently, although I don't understand how it couldn't be, um and everything else, I think, you know, you can forget about having those buttons on the remote control, 'cause they're just not needed, and they're not used. Okay. This is the bit that the email messed up for me and that's what I was fiddling about with at the beginning of the thing. Okay, cool. So um okay, so this is what people find annoying about remote controls. Uh that they get lost, that the uh you know, they're not intuitive and that they're bad for repetitive strain injury. I think if you're watching enough T_V_ to get repetitive strain injury from um you know, watching T_V_, then that's the least of your problems, but you know, it's up there. Um that yeah. Okay, so um I mean the the R_S_I_ thing would be that, like when you have the computer keyboards and you keep your wrists up would be something that encourages you want something with an ergonomic t design that encourages good use of the remote control and you know, not straining your wrists watching T_V_. Yes. Okay, cool. Right, um sorry this is pink because I was copying and pasting the table, and I didn't have time to white it out again. Um okay, but that shows how people whether they would pay more for voice recognition software. So you can see from that that, you know, younger people to the age of thirty five are quite likely to pay quite a lot more f well quite are quite likely to pay more for voice recognition software, whereas as people get older, they're a bit more sceptical about it and they're less willing to to try it. Um so clearly voice recognition is something to think about, but um you know I d I do wonder how well that would work given that a T_V_, you know, tends to be people talking and um, you know, how are you going to stop it from just flipping channels whilst watching T_V_. Um okay? Cool. Um okay, so these are my personal preferences. So you have sleek, stylish, sophisticated, you know, so something that's, you know, a bit cool. Um you know, functional, so it's useful, but minimalist. Um there's a there's an important thing that, you know, people use when, you know, when you're filling up your home, you know, a lot of people fill up their home with bits of crap, basically, you know, and you've got all this stuff, and you're just like, what the hell is that, who is ever gonna use it? You know, so things should either be functional or beautiful or preferably both, so I think we need to aim for both. Um okay, then a long battery life, like you were talking about earlier and um, you know, I was thinking that solar power would be quite cool because, you know, your remote control just sits there, and you could just sit it in the sunshine and save the environment a bit. Um and then like a locator, so you know, kind of like you have for a mobile phone or not a mobile phone Yeah, that's it, you know. I know, it's weird. My flatmate and I were talking about this on the way into uni this morning and I was like I need to get one for everything. So yeah, so maybe something where you clap and then it beeps, something a kind of sound that you don't often hear on the T_V_, you know, 'cause you don't want your remote control beeping every five minutes, 'cause you you'd then deliberately lose it by throwing it out the window or something. So okay? Cool. That's me. Cat's. Ca. Yeah, I mean that's the thing is that it didn't say in the survey, you know, whether, you know, these are the people that will pay more for a more stylish remote control, but I'm assuming, you know, yes. Well, that's when you go to uni, isn't it? So, you know Yeah. Oh, I've unplugged it. Do you want me to Yeah. Seventy six point three percent. Yeah. Yeah, I kn I mean I know what you're saying about the fifteen to twenty five year olds, but I mean it has been proven that that people of that age group have a higher disposable income because they don't have like I mean, you know, if you're at university, you're paying your rent, but you don't have a mortgage, you don't have a life insurance policy, you don't normally have a car, yeah, so. You're still learning to drive actually, so that just costs more than a car, but yeah. Um so I mean like it is an age group to target, really, I think. No, I mean that's what, that's like fifteen Pounds? You know, I think Yeah, I d I don't know many people without a T_V_. We didn't have a T_V_ last year, and everyone thought we were off our heads, you know. Yeah, I d well we've we've got quite a d decent T_V_. Yeah. I think I think the fact that, you know, ninety one point two percent of fifteen to twenty five year olds are saying yes, I would pay more for a voice recognition remote control, does say quite a lot really. You know, so I mean that and the disposable income and I don't think it's something to ignore, you know. Is not a massive difference, you know. No, do totally. You do have it in your mobile phone though, don't you? Because you have like I mean every mobile phone now has like call this person and it calls them. I don't know. Yeah. S so y you'd maybe need a code word. Do you know what I mean? So like when you say change, except that's being said quite a lot on T_V_, so maybe like, you know, remote. I mean how often do people say remote on T_V_? Although I only watch Charmed, so really I wouldn't know but like so you'd just say remote five, you know, remote ten, remote one two nine. I don't think there's a lot of uh voice recognition remote controls. Yeah, that would be another way to do it. Yeah, but then the code word would be even more important, because I mean Sky advertise on every channel, don't they, you know, so then it would be you'd be watching Charmed, and then the Sky advert would come on and it would change to Sky. Yeah, yeah, and that would be really annoying. Yeah. Do you not think that defeats the object of having voice recognition on a remote control though? Yeah, you know, so you have to have the remote control. It's more like if you lost it and it's down the sofa sometime, you can yell at it and it'll just change it, you can look for it later, yeah. Yeah, yeah, I suppose nearer to you but a b like if you have surround sound then Yeah. Yeah, 'cause it's it's quite important that you don't lose the the bit to locate the remote control. Yeah, definitely, yeah. Oh, so y you want our um PowerPoint presentations in there, hey? Okay. There you go. But is everyone's called functional requirements? Okay, so that's good. That's me done. Okay, cool.
All hooked up. Okay, so now we are here at the functional design meeting. Um hopefully this meeting I'll be doing a little bit less talking than I did last time 'cause this is when you get to show us what you've been doing individually. The agenda for the meeting, I put it in the sh shared documents folder. I don't know if that meant that you could see it or not. Did anyone? No. Oh well. Um I'll try and do that for the next meeting as well so if you check in there, there's a shared project documents folder. Um and it should be in there. Project documents, yeah. So I'll put it in there. Is it best if I send you an email maybe, to let you know it's there? Yep. I'll do that next time. Um I'll act as secretary for this meeting and just take minutes as we go through, and then I'll send them to you after the meeting. The main the main focus of this meeting is your presentations that you've been preparing during the time, so we'll go through each of you one by one. Um then we need to briefly discuss the new project requirements that were sent to us. I just sent at the last minute, I'm sorry about that, but we can see how that affects what you were you were doing. Um and then we need to, by the end of the meeting come to some kind of decision on who our target group's going to be and what the functions of the remote control that's the the main goal is to come up with those two things, target group and functions of the remote control. And we've got forty minutes to do that in. So I would say yeah? As uh who it is that we're going to be trying to sell this thing to, yeah. So we need to yeah, we need to have a fairly defined group that that we want to focus on and then look at the functions um of the dem remote control itself. So with that I think it's best if I hand over to you. Does anyone have a preference for going first? You wanna go first? Okay, so we need to unplug my laptop and plug in yours. I assume we just pull it out? Just before you start, to make it easier, would you three mind emailing me your presentations? Once we you don't have to do it now but when once you go back, just so that I don't have to scribble everything down. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Do you have any um i idea about costs at this point? Br Okay. 'Cause that's something to consider, I guess, if we're if we're using more advanced technology, it might increase the price. Yeah. That's fine. Are there any more questions, or shall we just skip straight to the next one and then we can discuss all of them together at the end? Yeah, I think that will do. Okay, so do you want to Yes, shall shall we pull this up? I think that has to come out of there. Yeah. Yeah, I thought those last minute things, they're gonna hit you the worst. It ta takes a little Oh, and have you you need to then also press on yours, function F_ eight, so the blue function key at the bottom and F_ eight. Now it's coming, computer no signal. Maybe again? Okay, adjusting. There we go, there we go. Oh, if you press if you press function and that again there's there's usually three modes, one where it's only here, one where it's only there, and one where it's both. Okay, so one more time. Should yeah just wait for a moment, adjusting. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. If I mean that was the the directive that came through from management, but if we had a a decent case for that we really think it's important to include video and D_V_D_, I could get back to them and see. It's w it's just whether it's worth arguing about. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Are there any questions for clarification of Maarika before we go on to the next one? Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Sure, we can discuss that maybe after the next one. Do you want to yeah. Oh, I'm getting hungry. You set? Uh we need to do the function key thing so that it comes up on here. Hello. Is it plugged in prop it's working? Okay. Excellent. It's um switching between channels, sort of randomly going through. Mm. Ooh, that's a bit difficult to see. If you explain it to us it'll be fine. Yeah. I liked the, I liked the litt ooh come back. No. Okay. Mm-hmm, that's the next one along, yeah? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The remote control. Mm-hmm. That's alright. Mm. Keys and things like that, yeah. Whistle and it screams at you, yeah. Mm-hmm. That's you, excellent. Um. I'm just gonna tick yes. So, we've got about ten, fifteen minutes to discuss Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Then again I guess the th where it was most popular was the fifteen to twenty five bracket and the I don't know how often they're buying televisions. Yeah, but you don't have much money, generally. I would've thought it's it's more that twenty five to thirty five, when people are really moving out and they've got their first job and they want their nice toys and O oh it's on sorry, we unplugged it. Here, let me Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, they've got no commitments and usually not a car and all of those things. Kids. Yeah. Yeah, and if we're if we're talking twenty five Euros as a price, that's not unaffordable, even for young people. Yeah. Yeah. But do they But the T_V_s are often kind of someone's old T_V_ that's blah blah and be a bit strange to have a fancy rome remote. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, if we ta if we take fifteen to thirty five, but that then does imply that we should try and incorporate voice recognition. Is that gonna have a an implication for the technical specs? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. With um but with a T_V_ remote it's gonna be quite limited if we're t saying the main things people want to do is on off channel five, louder, tha that should be relatively simple. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but maybe if you wanna look into that just to just to check. Um, so if we go for the the fifteen to thirty five age group and then of course we're going to get th anyone who's older than thirty five who wants to look young and hip and trendy and has the money, then they'll they'll still go for the same advertising. Yeah, I think we need both. Yeah. Mm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. So that if that was in the the voice recognition, that would be great. Yeah. Yeah. Watch Sky and yeah. Mm-hmm. But that's definitely a possibility. Yeah. So that you can yell at it, yeah. Yeah. Alright. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That's but then if you're buying the remote separately, but y you could have something, but i if it was something that you could like stick onto the T_V_ or something, some like a two p if you bought it in a two part pack, so one part attaches to the T_V_. The l Well that's right, but it solves the problem of having different noises. Yeah. Okay, I think we're gonna have to wrap this up um. But if we go away with that that kind of general um specification in mind that we're looking at fifteen to thirty five year olds, we want it to look simple, but still have the buttons so it's easy to use, but only those key buttons, the major buttons and then one sort of menu one, and then voice recognition included as an option um but that obviously needs a little bit more working out as to whether it's really feasible and some of those problems we were mentioning um. What we have to do now is to go back to our little places, complete our questionnaire and some sort of summarisation, which y you'll get immediately by email. Send me your presentations so that I can use them to make the minutes, and then we've got a lunch break and after lunch we go back to our own little stations and have thirty minutes more work. Um I'll put the minutes in that project documents folder, but I'll send you an email when I do it, so that you know. It should be on your desktop, so on the yeah. So I'll put it I'll put them there as soon as I've written them. Yeah, and email them round. Yeah, that would be great. Oh yeah, put them in there. Yeah, then you don't have to email them. No, they're all called something slightly different. Technical requirements and something something, yeah. So, if you put them in there, we'll all be able to see them and refer to them if we need to. Um as to where we're going from here, you're going to look at the components concept. Yeah? Whatever that means. Yeah. You'll be looking you'll be looking at the user interface concept, on something conceptual and you're watching trends to see how we go and surely voice recognition'll fall off the map or something that um we'll keep keep our options op hmm? Components, yeah. No, we have we have after lunch we have thirty minutes to ourselves to prepare, so that's fine, w before lunch we just have to complete the questionnaire and some sort of summary. Okay? Right on time. Okay, so you can I guess we'll see you for lunch in a sec?
No. Mm. Um um wi on on a what? Oh project project documents, yeah, yeah, yeah, okay. Oh okay, yeah. Yes, I think so. Yeah, the last minute, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um Okay. Hmm. Mm. Okay, yeah, afterwards, yeah, okay. Thanks. I think we need like some general discussion at the end probably. Yeah. Yeah, I think since since we were discussing some um design issues then I I I would like to continue okay, yeah. Thanks. Oh i Okay, I hope wait. Should it just There's just nothing. Oh right, right, right, um Okay. Nothin okay, something is coming up. No signal? Why? Oh. My my computer went blank now. Adjusting. But I don't see anything I don't see anything on my computer now. This is the problem, but Um. Uh now it's okay. No? No. Oh okay. Okay, that's fine, that's good. Okay, let's start from the beginning. So I'm going to speak about technical functions design uh just like some some first issues that came up. Um 'kay, so the method I was um adopting at this point, it's not um for the for the whole um period of the um all the project but it's just at th at this very moment. Um uh my method was um to look at um other um remote controls, uh so mostly just by searching on the web and to see what um functionality they used. And then um after having got this inspiration and having compared what I found on the web um just to think about what the de what the user really needs and what um what the user might desire as additional uh functionalities. And yeah, and then just to um put the main function of the remote control in in words. Um so the findings uh were um that the main function of the remote control is is just sending messages to the television set, so this quite straightforward. And uh w some of the main functions would be switching on, switching off, uh then the user would like to switch the channel um for example just m changing to the next channel to to flip through all all of the possible channels, or then mm uh the other possibility would be that um she might just want to choose one particular channel, so we would need the numbers. And and also the volume is very important. Um um I als okay. 'Kay. Um um among the findings I found that m m most of the curr mm presently available remote controls also include other mm functionalities um in their design, like operating a V_C_R_, but they don't seem to be able to deal with D_V_D_ players, but then there are surely there are many other functionali functions that could possibly be added to them, but according to the last minute update um actually um we do not want to have all this complicated functions added to our design. So my personal preferences would be uh to keep the mm the whole remote control small um just like the physical size. And then it must be easy to use, so it must follow some conventions um like whereabouts you find the on off button and maybe the colour tends to be red or something. Um then yeah, the must-have buttons would be on off and then the channel numbers and then um the one that allows us to go to the next or the previous channel, and then volume has to be there. But then um other functionalities um could be just uh there could be a menu button and you could change things on the screen then, um for example brightness and mm similar functions could be just um done through the menu. And yeah, the last question I had about whether we wanted to incorporate n uh more functionalities, the answer was already no because of the last minute update. So at the for the time being that's uh that's all. If you have questions Yeah, and also it's it's um other question is uh because there are so many different And there are so many different things that could possibly be included because besides video and D_V_D_ there are the mm um video C_D_s and whatever, so it might be problematic to to choose between all these possible things. Um well, I think the buttons are still mm kind of the most um easy for the user to use, I mean um what other options would you have? A little screen or something, but this would be really kind of I think a lot of learning for the user and and I mean the user just wants to get um get a result um quickly, not to spend time in like um giving several orders um I dunno. I think I th I would I would think the put the buttons, but if if you have other mm proposals um. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Uh am I going in the right direction? No. Wait. Okay, here it comes. Okay, here you are. Um that's very good, very interesting. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, you share a television or something that yeah. It was seventy something, yeah, yeah. Yeah this this is not unaffordable, but the problem is whether people need it, whether they do have a T_V_ to use its full Yeah. Common, the students yeah, yeah. The s the stu yeah, and the remote control might not yeah, it might not even function with the old T_V_. Yeah, we're still yeah. Or w maybe we can just kind of uh uh Yeah, but at the same time I think maybe we can we can just decide to to have both of these groups as our target, because actually I mean they're all still re young people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. An Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but uh um Yeah, yeah sure, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, w well now the v the voice recognition if if it works wonderfully w we could possibly do away with all buttons, but I think this is not really the right moment yet, because people are just so used to buttons and um, yeah it's it's kind of safer, so we we need both, so the voice recognition would be just an extra, it wouldn't really reduce the size of the remote. Yeah but m but on the other hand, remote control isn't as close to you you probably might just just uh speak into it and and the T_V_ would be already further away, so it might not pick up the other things coming from there. Yeah, but then the remote control I think I mean um the idea is kind of it's it's not that it's sitting there on on top of the television, because then you could already yell at the television and you wouldn't you you wouldn't need the remote control, so the remote control is still something you keep n near yourself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, but I I I was just defending the the fact why why we want to keep the remote control close to us, a and uh not to yell at it from the distance. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah, mm-hmm. The major ones, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Did you find it? It's just yeah, yeah. Oh so so we'll just put them i there, we we yeah, w we won't even okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh something conceptual, yeah. Hmm. Sorry, but um the next meeting um are we going to have it um right after lunch or shall we prepare our To prepare, okay, yeah, that's good. Okay. Cool. Okay, see you.
";"The project manager opens the meeting by stating that they will address functional design and then going over the agenda. The industrial designer gives his presentation, explaining how remote controls function and giving personal preference to a clear, simple design that upgrades the technology as well as incorporates the latest features in chip design. The interface specialist gives her presentation next, addressing the main purpose of a remote control. She pinpoints the main functions of on/off, channel-switching, numbers for choosing particular channels, and volume; and also suggests adding a menu button to change settings such as brightness on the screen. She gives preference to a remote that is small, easy to use, and follows some conventions. The group briefly discusses the possibility of using an LCD screen if cost allows it, since it is fancy and fashionable. The marketing expert presents, giving statistical information from a survey of 100 subjects. She prefers a remote that is sleek, stylish, sophisticated, cool, beautiful, functional, solar-powered, has long battery life, and has a locator. They discuss the target group, deciding it should be 15-35 year olds. After they talk about features they might include, the project manager closes the meeting by allocating tasks. "
"Does that mean like a wind-up one? A wind-up remote. You could make the hand dynamo into an exercise bike, and then people could exercise whilst watching T_V_. Yeah, and stop worrying about the whole R_S_I_ from the remote thing, 'cause that's just Yay. Did you say wool? Wood. Oh right.. Yeah, you'll understand why when we get to my presenta. Sony. Sony Ericsson mobile phones has it. Mm. No it's got its little camera in there, plug it in. 'S a Ugly. Yeah, you can't Oh, it's like the iPod. G yeah, no, you can. It's like it's like where you you know how you have your your mouse, and y you go round and i it's kind of like that and you spin round and it yeah. It is You just go round and it is a bit weird at first, but it's actually very like fast. I like the the wheels that click on the side you you get 'em much slower, so it's quite good if you like searching quite a lot of stuff. Do you know, if you're lookin if you're th scrolling through the A_ to Z_ of your music and you're looking for something at T_, then it's a lot faster than the wheel, but you've got a lot less control over it. Okay, I've put the copy of the presentation in um the yeah. Cool. Fabulous. Okay, cool. Um so what I did was to search the internet to come up with market trends and you know what users are gonna be wanting in the the near future. Okay. Right. Now, the first aspect is apparently twice as important as the second aspect, which is twice as important as the third a aspect. So, I mean the the easy to use thing is fairly low down on the which I think given the target group is what you would expect, really. Um, you know, people want something new, something technologically innovative and different, so the whole idea with the L_C_D_s and the spinning and the colours and the voice recognition is quite like, quite the thing to go for. And um, yeah it wants to look fancy, fancy look and feel. So Yeah, yeah. Mm. Depends how fast your television runs, really, don't don't you think? I mean we've got one of those um Telewest boxes and you put the number in the remote and then you wait and then it goes to the T_V_ and then you wait, and then it comes, so i it actually takes quite a long time. And if you get the number in wrong, then it's a bit of a pain, so I think, you know, a screen on the remote would probably cut down your time on that. But like remotes do tend to get f thrown about a bit. You know? Yeah. And i it would be like I mean if you could make it integrate with the T_V_ then it could come up with new information about what's on, and you could just see that on the remote rather than Yeah. But um I think maybe a way to do it would be a similar way to how you have your mobile phone, you know, like you have the slidey ones and you have the flippy ones and then the screen's protected so it doesn't actually get scratched. So you can have like what looks like a normal remote control, you know or like a minimalist remote control. So you got your buttons one to nine, your on and off and your volume on that and then if you want to mess about with it, you flip it open and, yeah. Yeah, so that kind of decides your whole chip thing. Okay? Cool. Okay, apparently, fruit and vegetables will be providing inspiration. Sorry, I discovered clip art. Um so these will be an important feature for clothes, shoes and furniture. So I mean, I'm taking this to mean, you know, curviness. Do you know? 'Cause you don't tend to get flat vegetables. You know? Yeah, bit of asymmetry and stuff. But that would be a good way to to get in the whole um R_S_I_ issue in there, because I mean if you think most people use the remote control with their right hand ha right hands so you wanna you curve it so that it's suitable for use with the right hand. Um yeah, I'm not quite sure about the relevance of material will be spongy. Um Yeah, but I mean y you have to Well I suppose you wouldn't get a remote uh an electric shock off your remote control if it was made of rubber. Yeah, yeah. If it's made of rubber you could get the kinetic energy fairly easily there, you could just bounce it up and down. Yeah. Um so yeah, um okay. Yeah, yeah. You have to have a certain element of flatness, I think. It it depends on the whole ergonomics of it, you know, it's like how you put your hands so y it's the least movement basically. No, I d I don't think it makes a lot of difference. I I have one of those s slidey phones and I mean the back is essentially straight, but it's curvy, so. Besides, you have four sides to a thing, so I mean does curved one side mean one side is straight and, you know curved two sides means the whole thing is just a big curvy p thing? Yeah. Yeah. Uh it's it's more about the protecting the L_C_D_, which I think is where it came from. But no, my research didn't tell me anything, which is why we have all the pictures, 'cause I had nothing better to do with my time. Okay, cool. Uh combine style with a level of functionality, um beauty and practicality and a thing of beauty and p function. Okay? It's about the practicality of it really, isn't it? You know? I mean if I can't imagine a m wooden remote control. Well it's not very cleanable either, do you know. It's it's not a practical I mean it's it's alright for a table, but for a remote control, you know. And splinters and stuff and It just m doesn't make any sense, I think is the thing with wood. You have to have some push-buttons, don't you? G yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think this is going back to the the graph at the beginning that I made, where, you know, the buttons that people use all the time, you want buttons for them and everything else menu-driven. Yeah. Yeah. G yeah, I would think buttons, yeah. It's it's the I think the thing is, so if someone just wants to turn on their T_V_ and put on a channel, then it should be easier to use than any other remote, and then if someone wants to, you know, change the contrast on their T_V_ and they should be able to do that and it should be accessible, but, you know, I mean most of the time I mean there's a limit to how much the biggest techno geek can spend fiddling with the T_V_, I think is the the the issue there. E either or G yeah. I would say the s the s the spinning goes at a high speed to th to the scrolling wheel, so you have to decide whether you you know, you want to be going so fast or not. But I mean the the thing with this whole if y you're planning on making it out of rubber, on the basis that it's spongy, then I'm not sure how well a scrolling wheel would work. Yeah, but y your spinning wheel tends to go to one side. You want an outside of rubber and then open it up and Or maybe like interchangeable cases. 'Cause I know like we're going back to iPods again n the whole spinning wheel, but I have like a you know, obviously my iPod's not made of rubber, but then I have a little rubber case that goes over the top of it and I can change the colour, theoretically, to match my outfit. Yeah, I think the spinning wheel is definitely very now. Yeah. That doesn't fit in with the whole vegetable theme though. Yeah, but I mean do you think we could incorporate the colours of the company into the buttons and then make the colour of the main remote the colour like vegetable colours, do you know? So you could have like I mean I suppose vegetable colours would be orange and green and some reds and um maybe purple and that and then you'd pick the buttons in company colours to to match with it. So are we discounting solar energy because rubber's gonna be used in there somewhere or If solar panels with the rubber. Yeah, okay, so we lose that I think. Yeah. It's just a gimmick. Yeah, sure j Sorry, do you want me to What does um I_C_S_ mean? Okay, cool. So it's advanced integrated circuits? Imagine it would be inside. So um actually that could like really cut down your thing, so you've got your outside, which is like minimalist, and then you open it up and you've got a screen and a spinning wheel, which you can incorporate buttons into. Um so you've still not got like a lot of stuff in the You've maybe got, you know like if you're modelling on iPod you've got five buttons and a wheel, and four of the buttons are in the wheel, and the other one's the little bit inside the wheel, yeah. Cool, I'm gonna go and sit on my own. I know, I'm hated. I've got a bit tangled up in all this.
Excellent. So um I sent you the agenda, it was on the in the project documents. I don't know if you got a chance to just have a look at it. Anyway, it's the meeting's gonna follow more or less the same structure as last time, so we'll go round each of you in turn and you can give your presentations on what you've been up to. Um and at the end of that we need to discuss what you've come up with, so that we can make a decision on the key remote control concepts, so that's we need to know about the components' properties, materials, the user interface and any trends that the Marketing Expert has been watching. Okay. Um, do you wanna start again? Let me we've got forty minutes. You haven't made a PowerPoint, okay. Mm-hmm. Let's hope the pen holds out. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. And charging their remote, yeah. Uh yeah. Mm-hmm. For a remote, 'cause you Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Wood, wood. A fluffy remote. Huh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Excellent. Do you wanna stay somewhere near the board, so that if we need to you can sit down, but just we might need you to leap up. What are you, PowerPoint, or Okay. Do you think these pens can give you cancer of the hand? Some sort of radiation? Yeah. Right, interface concept. That's fine. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. It's yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh, hi yeah. It's like the like you said, no? The scroll scroll wheel. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Excellent. Okay, straight to trends, and then we can discuss it all at once. The project documents. Excellent. If you two could both do that as well, in case we need to refer to it. Here it comes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, sure. Yeah. That's over on the interface, if if you could put Yeah. And maybe the L_C_D_ and spinning so that means we need an advanced thing. Mm-hmm. Mm. It it is also quite nice though to to have something here so you don't interrupt the picture on the screen, so if you're watching something Yeah. Rather than having to interrupt your viewing pleasure. Mm. Yeah. And then you can flip it open. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Right. Yeah, and possibly even uneven, like not not symmet yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Something a bit squishy and Yeah, and it'd help if you drop it, it protects it as well. To some degree. Uh-huh. Or if we want to use the the latex, then we have to go with one of the other um power things. From from bouncing it. You can have it as like a little ball to bounce, that flips open. Mm yeah. Uh-huh. Mm. Yeah, 'cause the Yeah. Dunno. Nothing to open them. Anything else? What've we got? Okay, so. Looking at what we've got, we we want an L_C_D_ display with a spinning wheel. Yeah, rub off some of those. Yeah, it's not that's not streamlined and sexy, having a having a wind up. I think tha Depends how much how much movement it really needs. Pr presumably if they're suggesting it, then we could use it. I'd I'd keep it on. We don't want that it's no it's not not vegetable. Mm. Mm. Yeah, and given that we're we're looking at more spongy material preferences, I ha would think maybe rubber or plastic is more Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Just for fast Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it yeah L_ L_C_D_. Do we need them on as buttons or do we need them as L_C_D_? Buttons. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's what you guys are gonna do next, so if we put down the key um things that we want. Just spinning and not scrolling, I would say. Yeah. Hmm. But if you've got a if if you've got a flipped thing, effectively it's something that's curved on one side and flat on the other side, but you folded it in half. Th that would be on one side, uh-huh. No, I think it's just the casing rubber on the outside. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. That's right, that's what they're after. Mm-hmm. I guess. Bananas. Mm-hmm. Green. Yeah. We need the advanced yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That was the We can't have solar panels with rubber, so. Shall we go for if we're going for rubber, we think uh on as our case, and then Yeah. We've got five more minutes. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think if we can if we can include them at not too much extra cost, then I'd put them in, but if it's Yeah. It's from the company, so Yeah. Okay. And the case is curved on one side, but then flat flat, so it's flipped into each other. Can I pull the thing out the back of your computer? Just so we can Nothing, it's right, I'm just There we go. Uh oh now I've gone too far. Yeah. We're on our way. Okay. So we've basically worked out that we're going with a simple battery, the advanced chip and a curved on one side case which is folded in on itself, um made out of rubber and the buttons are also rubber. We're having push-buttons on the outside and then on the inside an L_C_D_ with spinning wheel, and we're incorporating voice recognition. That's our overall concept, and it's gonna look sort of vegetable, and be in bright vegetable colours. I think it's on the Mm-mm. Yeah. On the Mm-hmm. In the centre, yeah, sure. Okay, so now we've got thirty minutes before our next meeting. In the meantime, the Industrial Designer over here is gonna work on the look and feel design, which I'll presume he'll work out what that means. Um the User Interface Designer will work on the user interface design and the Marketing Expert is going to work on product evaluation. And as well as that, the two designers are going to work together on our prototype following those instructions that we've just come up with using modelling clay and you will get extra instructions from your personal coach. Is that all okay? And anyone who hasn't put their their presentation in the project documents folder, it would be good just so in case we have to refer to it. Y ah nobody wants to talk to you. Unplug yourself. I dunno, maybe I would car
So what was what was this k ka Okay. Mm-hmm. Um you mean this would be like the the overall shape of the remote control, yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Um I have some PowerPoint, yeah. Oh. 'Kay. Okay. Okay. Um to be honest actually, I mentioned some some of the things which which could fit on the on the this talk um this time, I m I mentioned them already in the previous talk. So um yeah, this time um I might not have them on the slides but I I can just mention them aw again. Okay. So um I thought um I would also include the definition of user interface um so it's the aspects of a of of a computer system or programme which can be seen uh by the user um and and which uh the mechanisms that the user uses to control its operation and input data. So this would p includes things like shape and size and buttons and um voice recognition as well, and colour, and so on. Um um the method I employed this time was a again having a look to related products and mainly on the internet and then um analyse them uh from the point of view of user fen friendliness and also um whether their appearance was was pleasant. Um and then um this uh this um this can help us to decide which features we want to incorporate in our product. So some findings um um. So in in the case of many user interfaces, they're just so full of buttons that it's actually uh hard to find the ones you you really um want to use and um and it's just confusing, it takes y know time to learn. Um okay, and I thought I would just quickly show some of them that I found. Okay, some of them are here. Um well the picture is not very clear, but as you can see, there are actu oi, oh oh oh, sorry for that. 'S go back. Ah, no, please. Okay, so yeah, they're quite big and have many many buttons. Actually of the of all these I personally p prefer this one, because it's it's the smallest and and with with least uh with the smallest number of buttons as well. And I would say even the appearance of some of them is kind of not so nice. Um okay. So let's carry on with this. Um So uh um o other findings um some new things um used, uh some of them were mentioned already by our Technical um Designer uh. Our own company has developed a new in user interface uh wait, no this is not the one. Okay, there is a we can uh include voice recognition and um it allows i it's possible to record eighty different voice samples on it. Uh so uh this uh this one was already mentioned uh the L_C_ display. Um s another new development is a scroll button, which was also th also already mentioned. And uh our own manufacturing division ha has uh designed a new um uh programmable speech uh mm sorry uh speaker unit I guess it's it should be. Um and this means that um once uh uh it it it comes together with a voice recognition, but it's once once the mm um gadget uh recognises uh the voice of the speaker, there can be a um pre-programmed answer, for example, you can pick up the remote control and say something to it like hello and it says some hello and your name or whatever. So I mean this is also one of the n dev new developments which we might consider if we wanted to include. No no, the scroll button is a different thing. I I have a picture if you just a moment, I'll I'll show you. I wasn't completely sure myself, but I think it's just like um it's it's a wheel, it's like not separate buttons. Look, this one here. But I'm I'm not really sure whether whether you can really turn it round, it's like you press this or this or Uh-huh. Mm. Uh Okay, and the personal preferences are pretty much the same as as as last time. It it has to be small, simple. Okay, we decided to include voice recognition, so to have the standard uh major buttons like on, off, um ch the channels and and then um volume and then the rest would be a menu on the screen. Um and I I also thought uh if we want to keep it small and nice um and actually I I quite like the idea of a scroll a scrolling button, I thought it could be for for voice like, I dunno, it mm like on a um i like it used to be on Walkmans or something. There is uh I think there is no reason why we couldn't use something like this for for the remote control. So yeah, that's uh that's it. Yep, yeah. Mm-hmm. So it could be like a rubbery yeah, uh-huh. Thanks Yeah uh-hum yeah. Yeah it's yeah. N wood is I can't n how do you uh I mean you can't keep it really small uh you can't make it like thin and The wood thing. Because you need to you n you need to put all the technology in, so I mean if the case you add the case and it it becomes a bit bulky wi mm-mm yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. U yeah wood is not really yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, in the case of remote control not really. Yeah, but you um I think for for the channel numb uh channel numbers you still need them, wouldn't you? Yeah, so for channel numbers but But I th yeah but I think the L_C_D_ display is kind of yeah, it's faster with a m yeah and w if we dis and when we s um discussed that we might like this flipping open thing, then I mean y you can use it as a normal remote control, but if you do want to use L_C_D_, then you flip it open, but it's it it's more time-consuming. Yeah. No, no, I mean mm we we definitely need the the numbers, because it's uh otherwise people don't want to flip through all the channels. Um Yeah, I would say buttons, because it's yeah. I Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah but n I I'm not completely um completely clear uh I yeah, about the spinning wheel. So I think it it doesn't make sense to have both like a scrolling and spinning thing, it's uh you can al include everything in the spinning if you yeah, yeah, in that case. Ah, but I mean you can Yeah, I um I think so too, I mean the case would be yeah the case would be rubber and the the buttons, rubber buttons, but then Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think we um it was a a requirement that we use our um th the colours of our company, so would it be like yellow, grey and black or something, or Yeah, does Yeah. Banana's yellow, yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. And the buttons as well, I think. Yeah. Yeah, but it it I think it should be quite cheap because it's from our own company, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um Uh-huh. So w w would with have the spinning wheel inside with the L_C_D_, or would it be on the outer Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. So but shall I move away first or shall I stay here with we need to
Right. Okay. Right s so I haven't made a PowerPoint presentation, yeah, I I thought I'll use the whiteboard instead. Um mm, okay, so basically I'll start off by uh I thought I'll use the whiteboard because we have so many different options and what we can do is that we can start um uh rubbing off the options that we do not require and putting in the options that uh are m or highlighting or underlining them or something like that. Okay, so uh I'll start again with a brief introduction to connect that anyway brief introduction to the insides of a remote control and uh then we can probably uh discuss the various components. Yeah. Okay, so w what you see here is so this is the outside of the remote, right? If you open it, you have a circuit board here, right, and this is the chip that I was talking about last time. This basically sends information to a tr uh transistor here, which then uh sends the information to an L_E_D_ device here. If you flip the printed circuit board, and this is th the most important point here, uh everything else is kind of Okay, so if you flip the circuit board, this is what it looks like. So you see for example a particular button attaches to a particular place on the P_C_B_ and uh on pressing this button I a circuit completes, the information goes to the chip, which is somewhere here and the chip that tra then translates the code into an infra infrared radiation, which goes goes out through there. So uh the important point that I read over the website was uh that the configurations of these printed circuit circuit boards uh are quite cheap to make, you can ge get them printed as you want to, so w we can have a configuration um irrespective of the cost, the way we want to have. Right? So that's the important point here, so these are the different options that we have. Okay. So the batteries, I'll start with the battery, right? So they can be simple which is like uh the normal batteries in uh our uh the cells, yeah? Uh thes these are the kind different kind of batteries that the company makes, right? So. And dynamos. Um yeah, yeah. So uh I don't know if even if you want to consider this, but these are the different things that the company makes, so th they'll they'll since uh they'll come internally from the company, they'll be eas uh cheaper, uh all these options. So the third one is uh the kinetic energy ones. Yeah. Yeah, it's a good option. The the kinetic energy one is uh that e uh uh they are usually modern watches, since our hand keeps moving, it keeps the watch ticking. But I dunno i if it is a good idea for a remote control, because it'll just lie there for a long while sometimes. But as soon as you pick it up it moves and then again it uh re recharges or something. And the fourth option is the solar cells, which are also made by the company. Environment friendly. Okay um so I'll list things and then we can come back and discuss what what we think from uh everybody's perspective. There are different cases that can be provided. They can be basically the shape of the cases, they can be flat, they can be curved with uh one-sided curved and one side flat, and they can be curved with on both the sides. These are the three options, right? Um Yeah, would it be flat on both the sides, would be curved from one side, or whatever uh there were different kind of supplements available, um like it can be in plastic, rubber, wood, or titanium, right? Wo wo wood. Yeah. Not wool. Oh really? Okay. Um the so uh we can use even um a certain titanium is also used uh in the company to make uh uh some space design equipment, so it's kind of um uh it'll be probably nicer to use, because it relates to the overall image of the company, but uh it cannot be used on a double curved surface. If we choose this, we cannot use titanium. For for these two we can use titanium, wood, rubber, or plastic. Yeah? Uh okay, the interface options now. So we can have push-buttons, like most remotes do and our company is an expert in making push-buttons. Ooh. Uh we can have scroll wheels like the ones on um uh mouse pointers uh uh Yeah, yeah, something like that. So, and they have they can even have an an integrated uh push-button inside the scrolling thing. The scroll plus push. So this is something that has been recently developed by the company, um in the last decade, so not too recent. And L_C_D_s, we can have L_C_D_s. So these two are recent and and this is q quite old. The various electronic options are um uh so th this concerns firs first of all the the chips I I showed you at uh so there's there's a chip behind this one, right? The P_C_B_ is uh inexpensive, so we can put put in uh whatever we want, but the various integrated circuit options are, we have either a simple one or a regular or advanced. And uh the price goes up as we go down, obviously. Um okay, so the good thing about uh wh wh why why we would want to use advanced u why we might want to use advanced is that L_C_D_s can only come with the advanced chip. Um the we need regular or advanced for uh scroll wheels. Right? Um and the chip basically includes the infra infrared sender. Yeah. Uh besides this in electr under electronics uh also the company has started making a sample sender, which is did not explained what i what it was, but I'm guessing that uh so they have a sample sender and a sample speaker. So I'm guessing that uh the sample speaker is probably something like um uh you know, as soon as you press a button, it it mm uh give gives you feedback, one five or whatever. Yeah, on. Um and uh I dunno whether sample sender sender has to do something with voice recognition or not, but anyway. So, these are the different options that we have. Okay, so th that's that's basically now now uh I think that uh we can integrate um uh you know, uh the user interface uh and uh the marketing things in that, keep uh taking out things from this and uh underlining things that are important, yeah. Yeah, yeah, sure. Sure. Yeah. Right. Yeah, it should should do it. Yeah. That's nice one. Mm. Mm. Uh sorry, uh can you go back for a second? Um uh are you sure wha what this means, a spinning wheel with the L_C_ display? Uh oh yeah are th Oh okay, the iPod thing, yeah. Uh it's the iPod uh kind of uh Alright, right. Okay, okay. So instead of going down you just spin yeah, yeah. Uh-huh. Right. Mm-hmm. Right. So maybe I should include that here as well, L_C_D_s um plus spinning. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. So um uh maybe uh as you're discussing things, is it okay if we just uh keep highlighting things here? Right. So mm uh so it yeah, so probably voice recognition is is kind of important, right? Um and an yeah. Okay, I I have a point about L_C_D_, I dunno if it is the right point to take it up. W uh L_C_D_s are basically for feedback, right, to the user who's pressing buttons, and the feedback can come through television itself, so do we need an L_C_D_ on the remote? Mm. Right. Right. That's true, yeah, that's also Right. Mm-hmm. Mm right. Okay. So now we seem to have a consensus that L_C_D_s are definitely the way to go because of style and Right. You you agree? Maarika, yeah? Yeah. So L_C_D_s, yeah, definitely. Go on. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm. Yeah, we we have we have rubber, but there is a problem that I forgot to discuss with the um with using So if if we use uh latex cases, they won't allow us to use solar cells, as an energy source that is the constraint, so um we could use titanium, wood or plastic uh or uh Yeah, w energy source. Yeah, tap it on the desk, yeah. Mm. So probably double curved surface is the way to go, yeah,. Or or curved at one end and flat on the top, because I I'm not sure if it is flat on both both the sides, then ho how much easy would it be to reach for buttons, etcetera. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, singe single side curved or double side curved does not say too much, does it? It uh Mm. Uh I think uh Right. Right. Di now did it say anywhere in your research material about this sliding stuff uh because um according to the information that I have, I think uh the onl only options that we have with the case is are these three. Uh eith either we have uh a flat surfaced uh case or a curved surfaced case. It does not say anything about uh whether technically, you know, this this stuff is available at all. Right, yeah, yeah. Right. Okay. Cool, thanks. Yeah. Let's let's try to r rub off things and yeah, so um hand dynamos are definitely out, right? You you got a wind dynamo, yeah. Okay. Um kinetic energy does seem to have some kind of uh uh appeal, but uh it's Yeah. As against a watch, which constantly keeps moving, this this thing will have to be tapped every time, which which might be very frustrating for the user. Kinetic energy it needs I don't have too much technical information on that, yeah, right. Okay, let's keep it option uh keep an option, yeah. Um the flat co completely flat case is definitely out, right? It has to be at least curved from one side, yeah. Um okay, we still have all all the options. Wood, do you think wood will be a good idea? Mm. Right. Yeah if if it is really thin if it is really thin it it's likely to break, it's it's much more uh Right. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, okay wood is out. Right. Okay, now for the really interesting stuff, the interface. Right, so uh the the push-buttons is is our expertise uh in the industry, but uh it seems to be out of trend, you know, nobody seems to be Mm right. Oh, if if we have L_C_D_ displays, that opens up a whole world, you know, if you have an L_C_D_ display, then mm you can select almost everything on the L_C_D_ display. Right. Okay. Mm right. So uh in in the buttons we have for the channels also we have options. Do you do we enumerate everything from zero to nine? Or do we have just uh channel plus, channel minus, just to just to scroll? The numbers. Right. Or on the L_C_D_ we can, you know Okay. So mm Alright. Right. Okay, so buttons definitely in but oh shall we uh try to draw a prec um Uh okay. Okay, okay, so the components. Right, so uh what about the the scrolling uh? Mm um I'm not sure it'll be a good idea to construct the whole thing out of rubber. Uh i it Or or at the corners, edges, just the edges covered by rubber or something like that. Everything else in plastic or even titanium if we want to use it. Mm-hmm. Right, right. Right, okay, so so that gives us a more trendy look as well. Um Right. Yeah, and uh we're going more for the trends than for the usability anyway, right? So I'll rub that out. And uh colours can be provided with the case rather than Um but we still need to te think about the colour of our remote as such, you know, just keep it black, or Mm. Okay. Um okay, if you g go over to uh the integrated circuits. Uh since we're having L_C_D_s there there's no way that we're will be able to um what we do need to consider, however, is that the price is going up for the ever every such thing that we are considering, but since L_C_D_s seems to be uh a definite yes, so it seems to be one area where we would want to spend. So I'll rub off the other two. Oh is oh the constraint was uh yeah. Yeah. So I think uh we'll have uh uh using the simple battery will be a safer option as compared to the kinetic energy one, I mean, a although it does seem uh interesting. But it does not hold any advantages as such for a yeah. Okay. Uh okay, so r we understand this better now that uh the the speaker is for the feedback, right? It it says uh the things that you type in or something like that, so Ye yeah, we we don't have too much information about it, um Yeah, okay, so so th this is in as well then, the sample speaker. Right. Flat on the top. Yeah. Okay. I_C_s? Uh integrated circuits. Yeah. Uh um we we're definitely going in for voice recognition as well as L_C_D_s, mm. Right. Yep. Mm. Mm-hmm. Cool. Yeah, okay.
";The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda. The industrial designer begins presenting, first describing the insides of a remote control. He lists the options for types of batteries, shapes for the remote case, materials to use, and functions to include such as push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCD screens. He then talks about the type of chip certain features would require. The interface specialist begins presenting, first defining user interface and then showing some examples of remotes. She mentions that many existing remotes do not have a nice appearance, and states her preference for a remote that is small and simple and contains a scrolling wheel. The marketing expert gives her presentation about user requirements and current trends. She shares that fruits and vegetables are popular, meaning curviness and assymetry are in. The group decides to use LCD screens to give the remote style. They discuss what material should be used, talk about how the surface of the case should look, and plan out the general user interface. After they make some decisions about the remote, the project manager closes the meeting by telling them what their tasks will be until the next meeting. 
"I'm proud of it. Uh-huh. How how much do we have, forty minutes? Yeah. Okay, so. Presentation. Okay. Okay. So um basically going with our trend of vegetables and we selected the colour and approximate shape of banana. Um Yeah. Um Yeah. Um so basically it's the it's the flip open thing again. So now we we have the okay, so Ma Maarika will explain you the user interface there. And it flips open on the side, so it opens like that. And we have the user interface o in here and uh the the L_C_D_ and and the scroll are inside. Um well, everything else is probably user interface, so. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, it has, yeah. Yeah, well, but i since it's made of rubber anyway. I I think it's it's uh Yeah. Mm. Hmm. It's on the side. Uh no, we we'd not put so on on the cover we have the the bare essentials. Uh on the L_C_D_ we r you know, the main menu will have various options. Mm. Mm. Yeah, it's hidden in there somewhere. Cool. We ran out of resources here, so. You can have a look. Yeah, see the budget. I guess we'll give it maximum points in everything. So? Yes. Okay. But we can we can I can I can take note uh uh Um the the only thing that we were considering was that uh this thing is kind of more for right-handed people than for left-handed people, so if you're left-handed you're kind of left uh scrolling with your finger. But then yeah. Yeah. So bu it's it's not a huge problem, because i i it is operatable. Right. Yeah. Yep. Mm. Mm. One more thing is that i It might be a little clumsy when when it opens up, right, so it opens on the side. So Yeah yeah yeah, I mean yeah. So you guys can decide wh whether Oops. Yeah, but we which makes it kind of really big, yeah. Uh this this kind of uh makes it more and two, it might interfere with the I_R_ channel. Okay. Right. Okay. No, we have a locator. Yeah. Yeah. Intuitive, completely intuitive. Intuitive. And uh even the scroll, it's a it's a new technology so m m might be a little more difficult for people to get used to in the beginni so it is kind of not very intuitive but uh it's a good technology, I mean once they get used to it. Yeah. So l Yeah, okay. I'm gonna give a seven in everything, so. Mm.. Yeah. Yeah, unless you are a all the time sitting. Yeah. Yeah, I I think it is ergonomic. Mm yeah. And moreover it it has um L_C_D_ and everything, so that uh you know uh we minimise the pressing of the buttons anyway. Absolutely. So it has voice control. Yep. Anyway it ha yeah, it's the most sophisticated remote that I ever seen. Yeah, but they've been brought together in a remote. Yeah. Absolutely. The carrot banana remote. I think that's a. Yeah. There are how many sixes? One, two, three. Three. And one five. Okay, twenty eight, thirty eight, fo forty six. Forty six and five, fifty one. Fifty one divided by Mm I guess it'll have to wait for a bit. Mm. Advanced, yeah. Yep. Mm anything uh I think which is not more. Yeah. Mm. No uh we we have uh yeah. Mm no. We don't have we're not using any of that. Huh? Wh wh what is the limit? Uh. Mm I don't think so, no. No it says what what is the kind of interface, if it is pushbutton then you got a zero point five, it's a scroll wheel so we we've put it's pushbutton and scroll wheel and L_C_D_ display, so that's that's the three kind of interfaces that we have. Wh wh what's our criteria? Uh okay. Uh it does not have for voice recognition, but it does have for the feedback speaker. when you say when you press one it says one or it says hello. Mm and the locator also goes away. A also i in the case I'm not sure that you will evaluate this as a curved surface, because it's just rubber, so it's probably a flat surface rubber. Uh I mean uh um yeah. Um So tha that mean that we cannot press how do we how do we make a selection in uh in the L_C_D_? If in the L_C_D_ we can scroll, right? But how do we make a selection if we d cannot push the button. No w w w but ha it's it's the scroll wheel and I thought we were referring to this as a scroll spinning wheel and pushbutton thing. That comes with the L_C_D_? Oh so so the the this is. So we're adding costs for right, okay uh I mean I think this is good. Instead of scrolling here we have two buttons here, up for up and down. On the side. Mm uh it sounds good actually, yeah.. We have, yeah. Not really, no. Because we keep all the features, we keep voice recognition, we keep L_C_D_ display. We instead of having scrolling we we just push the buttons. Um yeah. Yeah. But we lose the locator. So instead of speaker,. 'Kay. I think it mm I think uh n one thing that was lacking uh was that we did not know what the various things cost to begin with. Um we kap kept a adding things randomly. So, had we known Yeah, that or not, yeah. Yeah. So d all the random decisions at the end could have been prevented. Mm. Yeah, mm. Yeah yeah yeah, that's it's it's I wonder what one of these costs. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I guess it was a fairly small group, so all of us got to express our opinions, yeah. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I thought that was good though, because if you're given too much time then you got nothing to do with your time and um yeah. Although we could have made the R_s better had we had five more minute. We certainly are, mm. Yeah. Yeah, same here. Mm uh no. I don't think so. Was there a questionnaire already sent?
Okay. This is our final meeting, the detailed design meeting. And again I'll take minutes. The what we have to get through in this meeting is firstly the prototype presentation from you two, so you can show us what you've been working on so diligently. Um then then Cat's going to present the evaluation criteria that we're going to be evaluating this against. Then I need to say some st a few things about finance, 'cause we have to check that it's within the finance criteria. Um and then we'll be making sure that our product fits both the evaluation criteria from Cat and the financial limits. Um and then we uh will have a brief evaluation of the whole process of production and design that we've been through. So we've got forty minutes. S 'Cause we missed out. So it's now I guess that we're supposed to start at fifteen thirty five, so we've got until four fifteen. Is that right? Yeah, until about four fifteen. So yeah. Go for it. Do you want Yes. Dual use, perfect. Dual use, perfect. Does it vibrate when you press the buttons? Sorry, sorry. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Wow. And it's the whole thing's made of rubber, is that Mm-hmm. Yeah. Huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Six seven eight nine. I like that. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Y or you could have it so you on the wheel if you. But if you hold it in, if it's a scroll and click so you hold it in? no. Mm-hmm, very good. And it's with the the black and yellow you're even in the right colours. Mm-hmm. Very good, let's have a look. Test it out. Uh it's a sort of intermediate colour, I guess. Very good. Okay, so maybe if we go on to evaluation cri criteria and then we'll there I suspect we're gonna have a couple of minor finance issues, but um we'll se I'm sure we can get around them somehow. We'll just send all of our manufacturing to some nice poor country and cut some of the prices that way. Wales, for example. Marketing Expert. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So for each of these we need to give it a one to seven. Is that right? Mm dots, never mind. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, just prepare one now. I reckon it Yeah. Seven, yeah, it's terribly sexy. Yeah. Ah, okay. Excellent. Except we can't uh we can if we then yeah, I'll take a note, it's fine. Yeah. I think it does. Alright. But that's gonna be a problem, 'cause you don't always have all left-handers or all right-handers in a family. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um Six. Yeah, I think I think for um I mean most people are right-handed, so in in terms of our greatest target group, I think it's pretty good, but we might want to flag it for management, they want might want to um They Mm-hmm. Yeah. The length is gonna be difficu Mm. No, we're gonna put it like we've got th there's the locator dot. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say six, 'cause the I mean the the standard layout for numbers is three three three and one, rather than the way you've got it. I really like the way you have it, but it's not the immediate thing that you're used to. So Might be But it and it's something that they will be experiencing in a lot of different places soon. Five? Yeah. I'm happy with five? Yeah. Yep. But otherwise it's superb. Six. Yeah. Well we've banned them from Yeah. Yeah, it's varied. Yeah. Six? Voice control have seven. Ah, that's the second one. So you must have changed it on this one where it's got score, but not on the previous slide. G_ technologically innovative. But in terms of the actual technology, none of it is actually new. Yeah. All of the components have been used in other things before. But do yeah, yeah. Yeah. What do you reckon, five, six? Yeah. Space remote. Put fashion in electronics. Very good. Yeah, one. Or a seven. Fifty one, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Six point point about six point five. Close enough. Now wait until we get to finance and then we'll see if we can afford it. That's all you've got at the moment, or did you have anything more? That's it? Alright. So, finance. And we'll see if we can unscrew this first. Sorry, this is I'm just um Beautiful. Not anymore. Computer no signal? Adjusting. There we go. Okay, so we've looked at the prototype presentation and the evaluation criteria. And now we have to calculate the production costs. So I've got an Excel spreadsheet to help us do that. Can you read that? Almost. More or less. Um I started filling it in, but of course these are provisional, so we have to go down. No hand dynamo, right? One simple battery. No kinetic energy, no solar. The chip, we're going for an advanced chip on print. We also said the sample sensor and sample speaker. Um single-curved surface, so that we can fold it. Case material we said rubber. I don't know what special colour means. It could be Rub rubber comes coloured, it's I would maybe it's like if you want titanium coloured or wood coloured, it's different. Yeah, let's leave it as zero, 'cause it's easy. We we're definitely going to have to so we've got pushbutton, and then we've Scroll wheel with pushbutton we had, no? S for the muting. Yeah. And button supplements. No. No? But the the spinning wheel's not there. I have think maybe it's integrated with the L_C_ display? I think the pushbutton oh. I don't know if that's one Yeah. That seems unlikely. Push what uh whether whether pushbutton means that p count by button or do we I don't think that makes sense. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, as we can see, that's way too expensive down here. Our budget's twelve point five. Yeah, so that has implications though for the. For the locator. Yeah. Yeah. What else does it need? Yeah, 'cause the sample speaker was, I think, more complicated then just a beeping thing. Yeah, okay, so we Uh-huh. Right, so we need one fifty off. Take it down to just a scroll wheel. We could do Yeah. You can have to scroll it straight r roll it straight down for for mute. That's with the L_C_ We decided, 'cause it's not on our list. The scroll wheel is on the side. We're point three over at the moment. It's nothing n Yeah, I have Yeah. Rather than having three different things that people have to do. There we go. Oh look, we're way under budget and we'll make huge profits and we'll all get bonuses. Or or that we have to have some sort of special colour. So that's alright. We we'll leave it at that and then I'll take I can send it back to management and say we weren't quite sure about the colour, if that costs extra then we've still got some space for it, yeah. Excellent. Alright. So did we lose um on our evaluation criteria, as a result of doing that? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright then. We're gonna have a beep. Yeah. Yeah. Tha. 'Cause we we won't have run out of our pot of Play-Doh. Yeah, I know I know, my pen vibrates. But only for a very short time. Um okay. So looks like we've designed a banana. Well done, team. Um we need we've just got about ten minutes or so left of the meeting, so it would be good if we could just have a little talk about the project itself and how it went, um so that we can feed back to the management for next time they're designing a product. Feedback? Ideas? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But in terms of the process of um going and working individually and then coming back to a meeting, that that worked in terms of. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Banana. Mm-hmm, the whiteboard digital pens. We like the pens. Yeah, you could take it to lectures and just write stuff down and have it printed out when you got back to the office. They great? Do you think they'd notice if one went? Oh okay. Yep. Shh. Yep. But that worked well having having a whiteboard that we could draw on as well as having the PowerPoint, 'cause the I find that the problem with PowerPoint often is that it's so static and you can't change it once you're in there, yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's alright, that always irritates me anyway, yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. And presumably you don't you can say nasty things as well. I have no stake in it. You have to say that, 'cause I'm taking the notes. I'll leave the room and you can have another go. Better than that than the banana. I think it worked quite well. Did anyone feel that they were getting sort of covered up and not being able to say their bit? Yeah.. New ideas found. Not quite sure what about. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's right. Banana remote. Yeah. Or you can always go to Google and type in banana remote control. Flip. Vibrate. And uh yeah. Nothing that you really want. True. Yeah. Okay. So, costs are within budget, well within budget, including a little what have we got? One Euro left over for bits that we didn't foresee. Um we've evaluated the project. You've got the scores. Can you put that in the project documents file? It's in there already. And the process wheel didn't really have any major problems with. Were there any was there anything that you found difficult, or anything that didn't go as smoothly as you'd hope? Yeah. Okay then. Um I think we're still well within our time. We've got about five minutes left, but if we've finished, then we've finished. We're just too too efficient and you should never drag a meeting on just because you have extra time. So I would say that's the end of that meeting. Thank you, team. It was very productive day and Mm uh no. Right, so we have to complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary when they send it. I don't know if it's already sent or not. Um presumably I have to I don't see why you can't stay here, really. Did I save this one? Production costs. It was supposed to be pink. But it was blue on the board.
Yeah. Yeah, about four fifteen, yeah. So, you said um are are we starting with the the so will you maybe start with like the mm the shape and things and and then I will explain the the user interface th uh things, like the buttons and the scrolling things and Well, but it's it's just an a approximation. Uh yeah. Rubber. Yeah,. Um it could be made a bit smaller, and and of course it would be and yeah, but um one thing we actually kind of um forgot while designing, that one side was supposed to be rounder, so we said the back side round, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it's spongy as well. So so uh the user interface as as we discussed last time uh mm on on the on the cover we just have the very basic things. So we have that n uh channels here starting from um uh one two three there would be numbers in in the on the actual one. So it's four, up to four, up to seven, up to nine and zero, z zero here. Yeah. And then, well this is on off button. It's it's quite standard mm place for it and and also the colour is quite often red, so it's it's kind of user friendly. And then these ones would be for flipping the channels back and like the previous one and the next one. And and we would also have a l little um thing saying here, previous and ne prevon prevon next. The volume is is scrolling. On the side, this one. Yeah you just do it like this. And and and it's it's on the back is mm cover or back lid, because if you flip it open, you can still do the scrolling here. See? So the volume is you just scroll, but then once you flip it open, okay, there there you have the screen and and you have the mm spinning wheel with options to choose. You can move back and forth and then if you need to m choose something on the screen, you just push the cen mm the middle button. A mute button. Well, we'll have this on the screen, on the display. Well, but the but the mute yeah, the scrolling is kind of you have to scroll all the way to make it mute, right? Okay, yeah, okay. Yeah. And okay, so i so the the voice recognition is also just part of it. You can't really see it in the interface. Yeah. And we do have the logo on it as well. So I think it Yeah. Yeah, I think um we could do l the logo in grey, as it is on the website. In the actual one. Yeah. So if you have questions. Yeah. Yeah, the yeah, it's definitely attractive. Oh, the locatable thing we actually forgot. Yeah. Shall I just prepare it now? It will be red, too. S seven was th the maximum, yeah? I I go for seven. I would think yes, yeah. Yeah, so y so we we might do we might want to do like a uh another m model another another version, which is like exactly the mirror image of this one. Yeah. But then then I think left-handed people are already used to discrimination anyway, so they just Yeah. Yeah, because I mean anyway, right-handed people would be able to scroll with it, so i if the majority are right-handed, it's uh Or maybe six, because it's just one one i one among the issues, I mean. Yeah. Yeah. No, yeah, but mm but we have it nicely with the hinges here yeah. So it won't be a problem, it will be and it will be it won't be heavy. Yeah well yeah, but it's it's a bit long. It's a little bit long. Well, I mean it can be opened like this of course and yeah. S uh slightly smaller. Yeah, but if we flip it open only as much as that. Mm that you stick on T_V_. Yeah well w but l but the speak sample speaker is included, so it it has some capacity to mm to do some to make some sounds, so yeah. Yep. Yeah. If uh uh if this means intuitive, if it means the way people kind of are used to finding things and it's I th I think it's Yeah. Yeah. Um uh the ergonom ergonomic design well mm I mean I d uh I dunno, I mean the the repetitive stress things, but then who would be really pushing the buttons so much on the on the remote control anyway, yeah? See. Yeah, so it's kinda Yeah. Yeah, it does have yeah. Technologi well Yeah. Well mm we have we have the sample speaker as well, which is yeah, it's kind of new. But at the same time they are all they are all relatively new. Six. I mean how how far can you go with a remote control, really? It still has to do what i what it has to do. Yeah, isn't it fashionable? Yeah, sure. It's the maximum fashion. Fruit fruit and vegetables are fashionable these days, so. So I think we've done very well, but What's the assessment? The average is about six and something. A little bit over six. No, wait, a little bit under six. No, wait. Oh, three sixes, okay, yeah. Four sevens. Six point something, yeah. Six point five, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, yes. Rubber. I think something coloured, yeah, probably. So I think this is probably special co no? Yeah. Or maybe maybe if you want some kind of pattern thing on it, yeah yeah, okay. Yeah. We have pushbuttons, scro we have scroll wheel as well. S yeah, yeah, we had, for muting, yeah. And we have L_C_ display and yeah. Um Yeah, but what do we ha we have L_C_ display, but but the wh but the s spinning wheel Yeah. Okay, let's yeah. We have to count all of them, or yeah. But it was very no innovative innovativeness. Well um yeah. Well the speaker uh the sample speaker is is expensive, but we could just have some some very very easy device that just beeps. This would be Yeah, yeah yeah there you record your samples your speech samples and Yeah, then then we would be in the b budget. Yeah b no no, you can push this one, but we don't have a pushbutton uh we ca we don't have this muting mechanism for this scrolling thing. Mm-hmm. But I mean we can put an additional mute button on the top as well. If you Mm. So Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well we're going to have a beeping thing. But yeah, it's it's not like sample speaker, but it will just beep, so we still have the locate. Which colour, the the colour of the phone or the colour of the But it can be yellow as well. It can come in the same colour as the the case. Yeah mm, as far as creativity is concerned, yeah I think there was there was room for creativity. The only the only problem being that at the end we had to cut some things down because of the the budget we had. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the m the means were very very good, the means we used. And the pens. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and and and this time also the time limits but actually preparing the Yeah. But yeah, but I mean already just just preparing the slides before before the meeting, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was I was satisfied with with the leadership, yeah. Mm-hmm. And then the teamwork I think I think it worked quite quite nicely, yeah. To express them mm mm no. Well it's it's it's pretty new, pretty novel solution for a for a remote control really, all this flipping open thing and Yeah, neither neither do I, but I've never seen anything and and none of my examples were was was like this, actually, so. Yeah maybe w maybe we could have a patent on this one. Patent patent patent. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. And my main difficulty was the the time pressure. Otherwise it's it's all fine. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, it was a pleasure working with you. You can make some animals. Oh, you don't like anim It doesn't? Smells quite nice. Smells very sweet. I made your animal for you. Yeah, that's the one
It does look very cool. And then do we get to make a remote control? Yeah. Yeah. You think bananas are a safe thing to use? It's a bit um phallic. Oh, your remote control? Oh that's just bad. Is it to scale, or do you think you can make it a bit smaller? Yeah. It l does look like the curvy and then the whole shape's curvy, so I would say that this curvy does look quite like a vegetable. I wasn't very keen on that, but yeah. So where's the volume? Ah, you did get that in then, mm-hmm. Oh okay,. Cool. Oh, the thing we forgot was like a mute button. Yeah. On the wheel, like if you hold the wheel down then it will mute. Yeah, but it's a scroll and click, isn't it? Okay, cool. So that that solves the whole mute issue.. Yeah.. Yeah, oh, we hold the remote. Oh, but it it does feel all cold and slimy. I hate Play-Do, it's just minging. But yeah, uh that's cool, cool. Mm-hmm. Okay. Wales. Mm. Cool, okay. Right, okay. Fabulous, yeah. Okay, cool. So what we're gonna do is prefer prepare the evaluation of the new design. Um so we're gonna be using a seven point scale, so one is, you know, yes, it totally meets with that requirement and seven is, no, it really doesn't, we need to go back and start again. Um, you know. Basically, what I did was I went through all the like user requirements and things that we've done and we've worked on and like made a list of them. Um you know, so that we can evaluate each one and like so it was about going back to the start and saying oh yeah, we did manage to do that, or oh no, we really forgot about that. Okay? Cool, so these are what they are. Oh Yes, I did have A_, B_, C_, and D_ down here, but it seems to have turned into like just bullet points. Okay. But if you can imagine that they say A_, B_, C_, and D_, then that would be really good. Well, I thought we'd um kinda said that you'd have a little thing to stick on the T_V_? Yeah. Cool. Okay. So, be attractive to look at. That's this one. What do you all say? Yeah. Oh we're all so proud of the. Okay, so that'll be a seven for A_. Could oh no, you can't whilst that's up there. Okay um uh what I've done on the next page is I've set it up so we just put the marks in. Yeah. But that's alright. If you take a note of them, and then I'll put them in in a minute. Okay, so we're all agreeing on seven for A_? Cool, okay. Does it match the operating behaviour of the user? Yeah. I mean Yeah. I th I think it's not it's not like it's a pen. Yeah, but I mean because it's not like it's a pen, you know, left-handed people can't normally write right-handed, but they can normally do most things right-handed, so I would say it's not such a big issue. Yeah. I mean you can you can use your finger to to scroll rather than your thumb. So I mean that does kind of negate the whole R_S_I_ issue. So maybe we need to put that needs a little bit of investigation, maybe give it a five, I would say? What do you what do you all think? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I th I think the alternative is flipping from the top. Yeah um But you were thinking about making it smaller, yeah? Because So you have to keep that side flat. So it works like a mobile phone flipping, but y you know, as long as that side's flat, than that will work. Okay. Um okay, so C_. Are are we admitting defeat on C_ or are we saying we're gonna stick a locator on the T_V_? There's a locator. Cool, so that means you need a that does mean you need a little speaker on it though, doesn't it? To make it beep. Or a buzzer. Okay. So that's two, so that's seven, yeah. It's locatable? Fabulous. D_. Yeah. Yeah, and I mean d So, should we maybe say f a five and say it is intuitive, but it's different, so, do you know, I mean it's obvious how to use it, but you might have to think about it first. So we give that one a five, you think? Yep. I'm glad you're accepting this. It has taken a little while, hasn't it? Um intuitive but Sorry, it's really hard to write on those. I just went a bit mad, didn't I? Um okay, cool, E_, okay. Um I would guess this comes back from this whole B_ thing links in here, so possibly for left-handed. Investigate. So, should we give it a six? Six? I used to send fifty texts a day, you know, and I never got repetitive strain injury from that, so I find it quite hard to believe to be honest. Okay, so we give that a six, yeah. Okay, F_. Hang on, how come it's showing up with the things there but it only had bullet points there? That's just Oh okay, cool. Um right, so. Yes, so that's a seven then. Um, cool. Yeah, but I mean you don't They're never been used i they've never been using remote remote control before I don't think.. Yeah, what do you all think? Six? Well, that's it, I mean Yeah, but I mean everything has been used in space before it gets to anyone else really, hasn't it? So, I don't think many peop That's it, they can take it with them. So, we give it seven, and we write There we go. Cool. So, we need the average here, so we got Seven So we've got four sevens, so that's twenty eight, three sixes, eighteen. Two three four Seven eight. Okay, that's pretty good, I think. Um no, that's it, yeah. Cool, there we go.. There we go and there are the marks. Yeah. Yeah, but rubber comes coloured, doesn't it? You know. Yeah, you might end up having to take off the sample sensor.. No. We've got more than one pushbutton though, haven't we? 'Cause then you have That means you can only have twenty five push buttons in total doesn't it? Not counting anything, we'd still be in budget. Twelve point five. No. Well it doesn't, but it uh And L_C_ display. This sample sensor. Yeah, the sample sensor will have to go, 'cause that's the most expensive thing on there. Yeah. But that's a bit of a gimmick anyway really, isn't it? We can afford to get rid of it. So that means no locator, does it? I mean does Yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah. See, I was gonna say the scroll wheel pushbutton thing, 'cause But that's well you would just have to to spin it down. So that's point three. Yeah, I mean that wouldn't actually cost any more. That's the spin wheel though, isn't it? Didn't that come with the L_C_ Yeah. Yeah. S so we're point three over. Unless we just take off the scroll wheel altogether and just have pushbuttons for the volume. Could b still put them on the side. But yeah. I mean the scroll wheel's pretty cool, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, well we could admit to the single curve, couldn't we? Yeah, but Yeah. Yeah. No. No, I don't think so. Yeah. We just got rid of a gimmick that was never anyway, and the scroll wheel is I mean essentially the two buttons that was it's not a great difference I don't think. Really? Cool. That's not a very exciting colour. I think you should make it more vegetable-like. Oh the the beeper thing. It Yeah, I think Jen wants it to vibrate. You know, your pen vibrates? Yeah. Cool. Yeah. If we'd had that sheet at the beginning should've been like, okay, so we can have that lot, let's just throw it together and do what we can. Yeah. I think 'cause the meetings were so regular, you know. It wasn't like we were alone for very long, so you didn't st go off and think, wouldn't it be great to have a vibrating remote control shaped like a banana, and then, you know, come back three days later and Jen's going look, look, it vibrates and it looks like a banana. Um yeah, so yeah. Uh I like the pens. I want one. That would just be so cool, to d do all your notes and s I don't think you should say that was the recording. Okay, cover up the microphone. Alright, let's take it. Okay. It is a bit limiting, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. The thing flew in, you didn't have the whole whooshing thing, 'cause there wasn't time for that, so yeah. Not that you can do that on the board, either. We could make some little Yeah, totally, I mean that was fairly tight anyway, I mean especially with that last-minute alteration. back it, this is just had to be changed. And yeah, so cool. Are we supposed to say nice things about Jen now? Yeah, definitely. You weren't like a a dictating leader, so that was always good. I know you've got the pen, you might attack me with it. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know, I don't go shopping for remote controls that often, maybe somebody's already though of it. Yeah. Yeah. I'll be looking out next time I need to write an essay. That looks boring, I'll see if anyone's made a remote control. Yeah, yeah. I think we'd like to think the ideas were new, but we've got no way of finding out. That vibrates Yeah, but that would just come up with like other things really wouldn't it. Yes. And it's fabulous. It's in the project documents. Yeah, yeah, sometimes it's like a little bit rushed. Yeah, we've got like five minutes left. Yeah. 'Kay. We could draw animals on the board again. I don't like Play-Doh, no. It's just minging. It smells so bad. It does. Mm. No, it hasn't been. Do we have to go back into the other room or can we stay in here now? Okay, so the other way.
";The project manager opens this detailed design meeting by going over the agenda. The designers present the prototype, which they decided to make the color and shape of a banana. They demonstrate the remote components, showing how it flips open on the side and features a LCD and scroll inside. The marketing expert gives the product evaluation, which is based on the criteria of attractiveness, whether it matches operation behavior of the user, locatability, intuitiveness, ergonomic design, and how technologically innovative it is. They rate the product using a 7 point scale and come up with an average score of 6.5. The group goes on to calculate the production cost and finds they are over the budget. They have discussion and decide to eliminate the sample speaker locator and the scroll wheel inside. The team discusses the project process- saying that they had to cut out some creativity in order to meet the budget because they had not known the cost of features beforehand. They were satisfied with the leadership but felt rushed for time. They finish the meeting 5 minutes early and the project manager tells them what is left to complete. 
"Is that alright? or Okay. Keeps coming off. 'S fiddly. Right. Oh, another one. Ah. Very nice. 'Kay. Okay. Clip. Ah. It's an elephant. Oh my gosh, I'm never gonna be able to draw that well. Does it? Oh. Mm. I have no idea what my favourite animal is. Oh. It's A what? Alright. How. No. Great. Me? Okay. Not quite sure how this is gonna work. Cool. Uh well I'll try my best to draw. Can I just draw the face? Ooh. It's a cat. Which also has what? A big fat body and big and a long tail. Why? Because um cuddly. And usually cats are very friendly. Usually. And they're healing as well. They heal. And they can feel when a human's got problems so So, that's why I like cats. There we are, that's me. Mm. Mm-hmm. Ah. Market range internationally sold. Ah right okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Yeah it's a T_V_ remote control. Well. A new remote control for T_V_. What would I like? Um. Medium. Mm. Twelve fifty. Each. Guess Couldn't we have like one that comes out? Like so you have one in like mm it doesn't have to be really thick. I mean remote controls can be thin bits. And then you have one for your D_V_D_ and you sort of slide it out, and then you have another one, you slide it out. have slides. And then it all comes compact into one. So it's not you actually just putting three or four different remotes together but making them thinner, and um into one basically. So you just flip them out. That would be cool. I was thinking that like a flip. Okay. Um.. But what'll make it what'll make it interesting for people to buy though? I mean if it's if it's just like Mm-hmm. Mm. I think a flip up thing, 'cause you always have this problem of like if it's on this well I did anyway, like we had five or six remotes and they would be lying on the c on the coach, and you'd come and sit down and ooh, the telephone's the television switched on or something. So maybe something that like does have a lid or closes, so you don't accidentally press a button or record button for something. Yeah. But make it like really snazzy and cool people will want it. So make it Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. And even for kids as well. It's um it's safer for them, I guess. Like they don't flick onto channels and all that sl flick onto. Mm. W What does I_D_V_I_D_N_M_E_ stand for? Ah ri okay. these are requirement specification. And I'm marketing. These are requirement specification. So what the user requires in a remote. I guess that's what it says. Mm. So, do we take these off?
Yeah. The back end of an elephant. Aesthetic yep, sure. 'Kay, my favourite animal, uh let's see. Dunno if any of you have seen Napoleon Dynamite before. It's a liger, a combination of a lion and tiger. Have you not seen Napoleon Dynamite? Oh it's a hilarious movie. You have to see it. And and it's best characteristic is it's pretty much the awesomest animal. But you have to see the movie to fully appreciate it. There go. A prairie dog? Oh a squirrel? Yeah, that's pretty good. Alright. So I think before we close uh, we are expected I mean the last slide wanted us to maybe discuss longer what our what our ideas where. I mean if you wanna go back to the last slide. Uh S Yeah, I think we're I mean before we close the meeting, we're supposed to come up with some ideas for Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think this is just the preliminary, get some rough ideas for what our experiences with remote controls have been and and what we would roughly what we would incorporate into a new one maybe. Yeah, I think we've all got Mm. Yeah it seems like there's like there's sort of a tension between two ideas, I mean, you want you want one remote that maybe can work uh all all of the functions of T_V_ and if you have whatever associated with T_V_ the D_V_D_ player, or something like that, but like at the same time you don't wanna really busy remote with a thousand buttons on it or something. Mm. Yeah. It g can't be more than twelve fifty per unit. Cost. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not sure if that's like I'm not sure if it's a good idea to have a two sided remote though, 'cause it would be very hard to use in the way that you mani manipulate it. Oh. Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we should uh I guess by the end of this meeting we should have at least a a rough conception you know stage one was technical functions design, what effect the apparatus should have. Okay. Um so I mean we still have time in our next meeting to come up with the actual concept for the user interface, but the the functions that we're sure that we want are that it can control the T_V_, but also devices connected to the to the T_V_, I mean, be able to operate D_V_D_ players, things like that. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah, I mean. Yeah, that's true, maybe we should just concentrate on having a a good T_V_ remote, and have it be um have it be like ergonomic so it's comfortable to use, uh simple to use, and looks decent and Sorta find a niche for our remote, like market it to a certain kind of p kind of people, certain certain demographic Yeah, no I think you're right. Yeah, rathe rather than focus on Y Yeah. Yeah. Remotes spinning out from other remotes and having little nested remotes inside. Yeah, that's true what you were saying, I mean it doesn't have to have a flip function, it can just have a lock function, so that it's not uh not usable when you don't want it to be usable. I guess that's good good for now. That's me. Okay. Right. Right. Yeah, it does seem like our our responsibilities have some overlap. Yeah. Alright, see you in thirty minutes.
So we're 'kay? On the or No. I dunno where to put it 'cause the Okay. Could you s take it off?. Okay. Are we free to take notes uh Okay. Okay. So are we supposed to bring the little things for the Mm. Yeah. okay. So my favourite animal 'Kay um Um okay, it's big, it's got a great memory. Supposed to have a great memory, we say an elephant never forgets. And uh dunno know why but looks like nice to me. Nice animal. Okay. No. Really? Oh that's a Not bad I would say. Very good. Mm. Yeah. Is this a T_V_ one we are supposed to make? Okay. T But how do we know how much uh, I mean, how much do we have per how much? Twelve fifty. So do we have to be realistic within the budget or Close pr I don't know how much it would cost. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Um have uh one very complicated one on one side with all the D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ access and stuff, and then on the other side o one uh a remote control that would be very very simple with just the channel, program plus and minus, and the just the mute button, for example. I can real keep it really really simple on one side and the other side be very complicated. Yeah. Or grandma as well, you know it's like what is the mute button. No, but you would slide it into uh someth like something on the back would hold like you wouldn't be able to press the buttons, but Start breaking up. Yeah. Yeah. Could be really light or, I dunno, something special. Yeah, 'cause at the end of the day if it says just T_V_ remote, doesn't say com combination with all all the r Mm. Okay. That's Mm. Mm. Har how it works an Bu Do you think our two kind of overlap, because Yeah. I don't
Mm-hmm? Okay. Ooh. Hmm. How do we sta wa how do we start? Does anybody know? So that's this Oh okay, right. Uh.. Hmm. Okay, just hang on a second everybody. I haven't actually looked at this yet. um I haven't looked at it, but let's just start it off and we'll see what happens. If you're all ready. So is the agenda? Opening, acquaintance, tool training and project plan, discussion and then closing. Project aim is a new remote control. It's original, uh trendy and it's user-friendly. Project method, functional design, individual work, another meeting, conceptual design, individual work, and a meeting of details design, individual work and a meeting. Tool training. Try out the whiteboard, every participant should draw their favourite animal and sum up their favourite characteristics of that animal. Um. Uh Miss Industrial Designer, would you like to go first? Yeah, why don't you just c, I think just clip on clip do you have a belt? Or put 'em in your pocket, yeah. Yeah, what's your favourite animal? Is it rude? That's a very good elephant. 'Kay, and you want to write up on there, it says you've gotta sum up your f f your favourite characteristics of that animal. Mm. Okay. Wonderful, well done. Do you want to use the wipe the m the wiper and wipe it off? And Mister aesthetics designer do you wanna go next? No. No. Okay, well done. Yeah. Miss mar Miss Marketing? Um yeah, I think you can just draw the face, but then you'll have to describe in writing how the rest of it looks. That's a very pr pretty cat. Okay, do y do you wanna do some write you wanna just write some words about it? Wow, so they're kinda spiritual. Well done. Okay. Um, I don't actually have a favourite animal, but for the for th for this meeting I'll s draw a little Uh. I honestly can't draw for toffee. Uh. Yeah. no no uh That's exactly what it is. Uh not a very good one Okay, well, you got it's a s It's a squirrel, and I like them, because they're cute and stupid. Right. Okay, so, I guess that was the test to see if this equipment is all working. Mm. Let's move on to the next page. Okay, project finance, selling price twenty five Euros, profit aim fifty million Euros. Yeah. Production cost, ah right it's gotta be can't cost any more than twelve fifty to make. experience with with remote control, so talk about who who's used what. Any ideas? Stuff like that. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes. At quarter to twelve. Yeah. Oh k so we're actually supposed to be doing this discussion like right now are we or oh okay. I thought this was just t giving us instructions for the re to do next, but Okay. Right, who's got experiences with remote controls then? Pretty much everybody. Um. 'Kay um. W what You want it big do you want it small. Are we are we going for like like telephones are going little teeny tiny things or we are going for something that's that's big and Video and ts hi-fi and stuff. Maybe you yeah now th that's the other thing is it's gotta be cheap. 'Cause I I I mean I was thinking something that's got different like maybe a a an L_C_D_ display on it that's got different pages for different devices, but that would p that would probably be quite expensive. Per unit, yeah. Well at the moment we could, wa I mean we 'cause we this is what we th what we're doing at the moment is just saying what what we'd like, and then after we after we've found out what we can like, some different ideas, we can then go and do the research to find out if these any of these ideas are feasible or not. So would be nice to have something that that controls lots of different things. Um. 'Kay. Okay, that's. Th that's an idea. Okay. One side for kids, one side for adults. Like it or something like a flip telephone, something like that maybe. F flip it open and you've got all the buttons, or you flip it closed and you've just got the basic buttons on the outside maybe. Um, oh we've got five minutes left. But okay. Well we've got a k we've got a few ideas there. Yeah. I have got I think we should also have a back-up plan of I 'cause I I I just think that it might be expensive to make something that I mean we don't, we haven't been told it has to be something that will control everything. We should have a back-up plan of just a really good television remote control, that just that is just for a T_V_, but it's just a really good, nice one. What do you reckon? See 'cause, I'm just thinking bearing in mind th we've gotta we have to have something that's cheap to make. I think we'll be able to come up with ideas and stuff a lot quicker. Yeah. May w you know, maybe even Or maybe even so something that's for disabled people or so people that uh b don't see very well or big buttons for touchy buttons for Yeah. Or just one that looks really fucking cool. Otherwise we'll be we'll be here all day talking about do this let's do that n I think we sh I think we should Yeah. I mean obviously everyone we're uh you know uh sounds like we're all a bit sort of gadget heads and we like things that do everything at once, but you know, that's Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. I mean I'd like one that makes tea as well, but that's not gonna happen. Okay, like a lock f like a lock functs function on it like you have on your telephones, yeah. Yeah, it's gotta be sellable. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No porn channel for children. Okay. Um alright, so we've got some ideas, we've got um Let's move on. Oops, let's close that. Next meeting, uh okay. Industrial Designer um which is Um. Yeah, there you go. So User Interface Designer, that's that's that's you, so you gotta you go, you're you're gonna be the one that's working out what what buttons we need. Um. Industrial Designer, you are the one, you know, you're gonna be working out kind of box it goes in, I guess so, um whether it's what goes into the box, somehow. And in marketing User requirements specifications. Yeah, what Right, okay, yeah. You two you two are gonna be just, I think, you just double up, you know, you working together. You're the one that's gotta go and find out do th do the research, see what people want in a remote, what buttons are used more often, and s stuff like that. Oh, we've been warned to finish the meeting now. Okay. Okay everyone, well done. Good meeting. Yeah.
";The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then the team members participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animals and discussed why they liked those particular animals. The project manager discussed the project finances and the team engaged in a brainstorming session about various features to consider in designing a remote. The project manager then further discussed the roles of the team members. 
"Think we can first. Right. I just wanna 'cause basically I can't re I've really crap at remembering everyone's name so I just wanna rather than going uh Miss Marketing and Miss this and Miss that wanted to know your names again. just gonna leave this up here 'cause I'll you know. So Okay, and Gabriel. E_L_ is it? 'Kay. And you're s r R_E_I_S_S_ Okay. 'S just a bit nicer calling people by their names I think. Uh, right. Okay, right, welcome to meeting B_. Um this is gonna go a lot better than the last meeting, basically, uh 'cause I know what I'm supposed to be doing now. I am your Project Manager, and, uh yeah, I'm just here to sort of liaise between the three of you and get things going, get people talking and and I'm gonna be making notes and sending them off to the powers that be and stuff basically. Um right, this for the purposes of this meeting what this meeting is all about is um I'm gonna have some presentations from all three of you, what you've been working on for the last wee while, when you haven't been getting hit with spam on your computers and and, you know, filling out silly questionnaires and things. But hopefully you've been actually been doing something productive. So we're gonna each of you gonna give us a litt a little presentation. Um. Then we're gonna work, you know, from each of your presentations. We'll we'll uh talk about what we actually need as a final coming together of it all. Um and then we'll, yeah, we'll sort of conclude anything else comes up at the end of it. This meeting it's not very long. It's uh probably down to about thirty five minutes now. So I want each of your presentations to not be too long, five five minutes, something like that. Um if you haven't done a PowerPoint thingy, it doesn't matter, it it just it just says that you it's that's just one particular medium. If you haven't had time to prepare one, you can draw stuff on the noteboard, you can talk to us, you can you know however you want to do your little presentation, basically, you can. Don't feel pressurised into using this thing. 'Cause I don't. Uh okay. So um. You okay over there? Reissa, are you uh b are you joining in with this meeting here or are y or are y or are you are you just are you just uh doing some Internet shopping there? Okay, jolly good. Alright, let's have um well, we all know that it's it's a remote control that we're gonna be dealing with. I think the first thing we should look at is um probably the um what it is that it is actually supposed to be. So that's gonna be you Catherine, if we wanna hear from you first. You don't have to worry about screwing it in just there you go. Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Great. Okay. I prefer the pe I prefer the human touch personally. Yeah. Do you wanna just give us a moment, I just wanna copy this down. Um I dunno if you guys have got any questions for Catherine on any of this? Yeah, you blow on it and i Yeah, it's worked for the last fifty years you know. How far away is your television? It's never gonna be more than it's never gonna be, you kno unless you've got a T_V_ the size of a football pitch, it's not doesn't have to go that far, does it? Doesn't have to go through a wall, because you're not gonna be looking through a wall. Yeah, yeah I d it sounds like you you w don't wanna overcomplicate things. You know we don't need it. Yeah, exactly. Basically, we're we're desi we're designing and marketing a television remote control unit. We're not w w w w designing something that you can plug in a headset to and and you know connect to your laptop computer and stuff. It's uh Okay. Right, well done, Catherine. Um Gab Gabriel let's uh let's hear from you on on on such things. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Great. Yeah. Great. Okay. Now that's I just have a q a q question for you. This w um research that you've been doing looki looking at other, you know, existing units stuff. Um have you found that anyone else has do has looked into the locking function or Yeah. Yeah. Um I would say it's If it's simple to do, which I think it probably should be, even if it's a physical, you know, a f a like a f a physical switch or a physical cover for the remote, even something like that, um then yes, it's like, you know, like s you said earlier on ab ab ab a flip thing, something like that, but you know being physical. Look into. Um I've had word down from head office that something that we should be centred well, something we should take into account is um we've gotta keep the corporate image within this remote control unit. It's gotta d look like it's in the R_ and R_. You know, the the company it's it's, from what I can see from our other products, are yellow with blue writing on them. Um. We put the fashion in electronics. There you go. So it's kinda gotta look it's gotta look new and s you know something fashionable. If if remote control well, if telephones can be fashionable, then maybe remote control units can be. Yeah. Because we need Yeah. Great. Okay, fantastic. Right, well done, Gabriel. Um Reissa. Let's plug you in, baby. Yeah, w it it just takes a wee while. 'Cause we've only got five channels. I think that's k flicking quickly between channels. Yeah. Wow. You are a child of technology, aren't you? So there you go, yeah. Uh but do the younger generation have the money? They they don't. It's older generation, they're the ones that have gone out and People people from the age of thirty f there's a big drop off there. For people up to the age of thirty five, you're kinda saying, yeah, they want it. Um but no they're not sort of most people that have the money are people from the age of thirty five to fifty five, uh 'cause they're the ones that have been working for twenty years. Um d and tha and that's a that's quite a minority there, so yeah, it's not even like fifty fifty that's th thirty five per cent. Yeah. I would say scra I'd say scrap that straight off. So y so it's so it's so you got so that's something we should have a look into then i when desi when designing the ergonomics of see have a look if um there's any w any medical background we can find out about this. Let's jus we just want need to cover our arses so that people aren't gonna sue us in ten years' time, say your remote control gave me repetitive strain injury. Yeah. They're having a lunch break at the moment, but yeah. I'll see if I can get see if I can get hold of them for the next meeting. Yeah. Okay. That's great, thank you very much for that, Reissa. Um okay, so we've basically we've decide we've d we've decided that it's gonna be, you know uh, we're going for a basic television remote. It's gotta be safe to use, it's gotta look cool. It's gotta be cheap. S um. Now going back to the uh industrial design of it, you know, we were looking at whether to use maybe infra-red or Bluetooth. I think, we should just go with the simplest option on everything, uh and that would be infra-red, energy source, that would be batteries. Uh mean we we can look into using the s, you know, the little tiny weeny batteries, all like special long-lasting batteries. Um. But a in there's no I don't think there's any point in making a remote control unit that's gonna last for fifty years, because technology will have changed and, you know, we won't have televisions in ten years' time. So I think we're all um pretty sussed on that. Um anyone have any questions? Everybody happy in their work? Now this is good, we've got a good structure going on. We all know where we're going to. Have you been ge has have any of you lot been getting loads of crap spam on your computers? Yeah. Yeah, stuff. Um okay. Do oh have you guys found out if we can if we can e-mail stuff to each other? Right. Do all you all know my e-mail address? Can you all d e-mail me your e-mail addresses?. Send me, yeah yeah, okay. Is it yellow and black or is it yellow and blue? I I kind of thought it was blue writing on a yellow background, but I might be just going a bit Okay. Well, maybe you can come up with a few with a couple of different ideas? Well, see the thing is is we've gotta keep the company image. It's gotta say people have gotta look at this remote control and instantly recognise that it's a Real Reaction i product. There's loads of companies that called R_R_. This is slog but this is the slogan, this is the the the the type. Yeah. Well, not necessarily. But we have to incorporate it. Not necessarily even if i it just has to ye but you have to look at the product and instantly know that it's one of our products as opposed to a Sony product or a, you know, a Panasonic product. It's got to so maybe, so you can have a look at our our other products and see if they all follow a s similar vein, perhaps. Yeah. Yeah. Quite poss yeah. Well this is all your department. Mm okay. Well, well done everybody. And um, I think we uh stop for lunch now. We might possibly have done. If we've if we've finished at five minutes before the meeting's supposed to finish, then that means we get an extra five minutes for lunch. Yeah, there you go. Right. I just have to there's a few little bits and pieces I have to write down, but Take your headsets off, kick back, smoke 'em if you got 'em.
Right it was function F_ eight or something. This one right there. Okay. Think we all Huh. Oh I thought we all were. Yeah, I have one too, okay. S Whoops I forgot to put the thing on Okay. Yeah. Sure, that's a good idea. Uh Gabriel. E_L_. Think she's finishing up her presentation. Oh. Yeah, alternate energy source, like win wind power or Bicycle power. One question I have, and I don't know how much control we have over this is um, as far as the infra-red signal, do we have control over, you know, how far away you can be from the receiving unit, the the T_V_, and still have it be operational? I mean, maybe we want one with a strong signal stream. Uh That's true. Okay. Uh I'm just gonna use the PowerPoint uh. Technical. Okay. Okay, so, while this is warming up, there it is uh. So I'm doing the user interface design. Yeah, and basically uh, as far as methods, I was I was looking looking at looking at uh already existing remotes, trying to find some inspiration from designs that are already out there. Thinking of what we can retain, what we can do away with, uh what we what we can perfect a little bit as far as design um. we don't want to do something that's too radical of a change, I guess, I mean people want a remote that's familiar, that has their favourite functionalities um and and does the basics, but Um so we can improve what's out there and maintain that, the basic functionality that people want. Um so things that seem like absolute must-haves uh would be a volume control, um so up-down keys for that, uh channel keys up-down, but then also a numerical key pad so that they can just key directly to the channel that they want, rather than doing up-down, and uh a mute button. Uh one thing that I didn't include here, that I forgot that we talked about last time, was doing um some sort of lock uh function. Uh, I don't I dunno, uh that's one possibility. And so in the research that I was doing there's basically two types of remotes, ones that are engineering centred and ones that are more user centred, which I don't know if I can access the web page from here, but I can show you uh. Yeah. So this is a engineer centred one, so you see it's rather busy, but it also lets you play your movie, stop your movie, fast-forward, all this, um freeze frame. Uh and this is a user centred one. Uh it's it's easier to g just glance at this and see what's possible to do, you're not gonna be staring at it for five minutes. And I judging from what what we all talked about during our last meeting I kind of gathered that that's what we were going after, uh or the direction we were going in at least. Um. So, the engineering centred ones uh provide a lot of functionality, but it can be a little bit overwhelming, so the user centred ones just focus on ease of use. Uh and this sort of overlaps with what the marketing person uh, Reissa, because uh we we need to find out what what people want before we make firm decisions on this. So uh, yeah, that's me. No that that that seemed like a novel idea as f as far as I know. I mean obviously another exists like you like you said in in mobile phones. That was sort of the inspiration for it. Um I've never seen that with in in all my years in in the remote business. I've, haven't I've never seen a locking functionality. I dunno, what uh do you guys have a a yea or nay on that a feeling about whether that's really necessary? Yeah. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Right. Mm. Right. And our motto is is we put the fashion in electronics. I think I think we have to carry that mental. Mm. Well yeah these, I think, we can so we talked about the layout in my presentation and what I didn't mention yet really is is the sort of like the ergonomic design. I t I think we can make big improvements over these two that you see here, I mean. Uh, everything is going t ergonomic, you know, there's you know mice for your computers that are very ergonomic and keyboards and that could be one of our niches p sort of uh uh in the market, I guess. Um.. Yeah. Uh, yeah, this is getting all. Mm. Yeah, then you just have to do function F_ eight and it should come up. Yeah, it just takes a second uh. Yeah, you wanna navigate the channels quickly I guess. Mm. No I would I would say the older the older people, yeah. Yeah, that would be my guess as well. What about just from the the prospective of our manufacturing cost? I mean if if it's twelve fifty per unit. I mean, okay, there's Uh. Repetitive strain uh rep repetitive strain injury or like from doing Mm. Mm. Yeah, we should probably consult with our legal department uh. Yeah. I think we can do some really in in that department, the the ergonomic department, we can make some some really good improvements. Mm. Yeah, it seems like we're all on the pretty much on the same page. Oh it's probably just you, 'cause you're the project manager. Sell trying to sell your things. Okay. No I don't. I Uh Oh, it's just participant one oh okay. Yeah. Well it's just w it's just it's just par participant one, participant two. So are we headed towards like a b a big yellow and black remote as far as maybe that's our next meeting that we discuss that. Well, it's like white on i white and blue on a black background with white with yellow borders. Maybe that's like getting ahead of ourselves. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. And this is something that came on down from from the higher ups, so, I mean, we are sort of beholden to them. Not one colour, but the pattern needs to be recognisable.. Yeah, pretty soon I think, I guess that's now. Alright, see you all soon.
. I am Reissa. R_E_I_S_S_A_. Double S_ A_, yeah yeah. Sorry. Mm 'kay. Mm. I'm fine. Yeah. I uh yeah, yeah. D I mean, I I'm finishing off my presentation. No no. Uh I'm done. Okay. Mm. Is a battery like the only way of No, no No I meant like No 'cause like cha 'cause always changing um um batteries can get like annoying. The battery's down and maybe, I dunno, solar charged? Mm. Yeah. Yeah, but if like you're on the phone in the other room and you need turn television off or something and you don't really want to go into the put the telephone down, and go into the other room. How about Bluetooth? Instead of using infra-red, use Bluetooth. Isn't that a better signal? Mm. Mm. 'S just an idea. Adjusting. Yeah. Mm.. Mm. Mm. Mm. Okay.. Where does it go into? Here? The blue thing.. Well, function F_ eight. No oh. Come on. Right. Okay.. Okay. Well, for our marketing report uh we observed remote control users in a usability lab, and also gave so this is research and we also gave participants um questionnaires to fill out. Um total number of people tested were a hundred just so you know, so that hundred people were tested and these were the findings. So seventy five per cent of users find the remote control ugly. Okay, so they don't like the look of the remote control. Um eighty f eighty per cent of them would spend more money if the rem remote control looked really cool and fancy. So I think we all agree with that. Um current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user. So, they don't like like the way they operate it doesn't like match how people behave. Um per cent of the users say that they only use ten per cent of the buttons on a remote, so probably if you have like one, two, three, four, five, the whole up to z ten, they probably don't use those, they only use the up and down channel. exactly. That's another thing. Um seventy five per cent of users say they zap. Not quite sure what they mean, zap, goes like. Yeah. Mm. Um takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. I think especially for uh the older generation. I know my grandmother doesn't like mobile phones, takes ages to work how to use. Anyway um and they also remotes often get lost in the room, so nobody can find them. So maybe tracking devices is a good idea. Um personal preferences. Um so yeah um I was thinking something easy to use, especially for older people. Um has to look really cool, flashy groovy for people to buy it. And it's easy to find, so I don't know whether maybe and also we asked them whether they wanted whether they'd be interested in um voice activating. So voice activation. So and this was what we came up with. Then if you look fifteen to twenty five this is age, sorry, age groups. So fifteen to twenty five said like ninety two ninety one per cent of them said yes. Um so basically the majority except for the forty five to fifty five year olds for some reason didn't want a voice activated one. And neither did the older generation, but the younger generation who we are catering for, like who have most of the money nowadays, do want a voice act speech recognition in a remote. Well the twenty five to thirty five year old, and thirty five, and the thirty five to forty five, forty five point seven per cent say no, so So they don't Well These guys are growing up. Voice activation might not be the best. Um also with um with buttons, a thing called R_S_I_, so wrist sense Huh? Yeah, repetitive strains injury, so they don't I think people who watch T_V_ maybe too often, keep changing channel hurts their wrist. I don't think so. Yeah maybe not so hard. Yeah. Maybe Mm. Yeah. Mm. Maybe th the buttons not so high up so you don't have to press so much, or we just like flat buttons, something. Yeah. So that is me. Mm. Mm. Mm. Well, just questionnaires. Yeah, you can. I think he's participant one, aren't you? Can't we have different colours in the remotes, so somebody can choose different col like does it have to be of a certain? But if it's a R_R_, it would be Real Reaction, like if it had a symbol on it. Whoa. So we have to have it one colour. Mm. Mm. Mm. Are we are we finished ahead of schedule? 'Kay uh.
Mm. Tha Okay. Who is gonna do a PowerPoint presentation? You will as well? Okay. Yep. Okay I'm Okay. I'm Catherine with a C_. C_A_T_H_ E_R_ I_N_E_. Right. True. How long is the meeting? Okay. No problem. Okay. Okay. Um just connecting this. Are we getting i Really? Okay. Cool. Okay. So I've got a very quick uh Uh. Okay. So the working design, I've got a very quick presentation on this, so um I've oh no, you can't see a thing. Oh well, I'm gonna draw it on the board then. It's in blue uh, and I couldn't change it. We it's fine on my screen, but never mind. So um the idea is that we've got the energy source um, which in our case will pr, oh well okay, never mind. So um I think maybe uh two batteries, I dunno what they're called six, or something like that. Uh and then um then on the uh remote control itself will have um the sender for the signal, which could be uh an infra-red signal, um which will be sent by an electronic chip. And uh the chip will be controlled by the user interface. So we'll hear about that later from Gabriel. And uh the sender will send to the telly itself an infra-red signal to tell it to switch on or switch channels. Um and that's it really for the working design. Sorry the presentation wasn't very uh clear but Really? Cool. Um, should I erase this or Okay. Fine. Or suggestions? Well, it's just, you don't want it plugged in really, s In indoors. I dunno, swi I th I th I think changing your batteries once every six months is not really a pain, but Yeah. Well, the thing is uh you you don't Well, we can make the the signal strong enough to go through walls if if you fancy it. I didn't think about that but Why not? I just think that it's it's gonna cost more and I'm I'm not sure it's you're gonna use it. It's a fancy idea uh it's quite nice, but then I don't th I dunno, either you if you wanna watch the telly you're in the room, you are gonna But Oh, we can we can keep the idea if you i We can see at a later stage, maybe, I don't Do you need the border? Okay. Sorry. Well maybe they shouldn't watch so much T_V_ then. Maybe it could be, instead of pressing button it could be just touching a Yep.. Well, in the project announcement, you've got the addresses, I think. So Project Manager, it's participant one at A_M_I_. You have them i you have them, but we'll send you an e-mail. You want to have friends, don't you? It wouldn't be Well you could It could come But it could come in different colours and have the R_R_ colours just somewhere like just around the lock button could be the R_R_ logo or colours and If. Cool.
";The project manager had the team members re-introduce themselves and then briefed the team on his own duties and on the meeting agenda. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the team discussed options for batteries and infra-red signals. The user interface designer discussed what features the remote was required to have and presented two existing products which were based on different concepts. The project manager then introduced some new requirements to bear in mind when designing the remote. The marketing expert presented research on consumer preferences on remotes in general and on voice recognition and the team discussed the option to have an ergonomically designed remote. The project manager briefed the team on the decisions made so far and the team discussed color options for the remote. 
"Hello. Yeah. That's the kind of spam that everybody likes to receive. Hmm. Do you have any preference uh of order? I think she is still finishing her. Hmm. Okay, it's uh Is it like a crank thing or something. Well, there's sometimes combinations, I mean, like calculators do combinations of battery with but also using some solar power. Uh I think, it has to be on the on the solar energy, but I don't know. Let's have a squeezable remote. If it's rubber, isn't it malleable anyway, it doesn't matter if it's double I mean isn't a rubber case, mean it's completely flexed, I mean, it it flexes to whatever they want it to? Mean so what's the difference between a normal rubber case and a rubble doub double rubber double curved case? Okay. Okay. Go rubber. Go rubber the whole way. I think push-buttons is Yeah. Th the the speech recognition um option is it doesn't seem really very promising for us uh, 'cause uh The yeah the example that they're already using it for is with the coffee machine, where, basically, you can program a sample wi um That when you say something it will give a response, and you program the response as well. Just uh clips of tha that you record yourself. So you can program your coffee-maker that when you say, good morning, to it it says, hello Rick, or whatever. But, I mean, it's not it would be one thing if it was speech recognition where you say something and it turns the T_V_ on like, turn the T_V_ on, and i turns comes on, but it's not that. It just gives you a it just gives you a verbal response. So, yeah, I mean, like what's the point of saying, Hello remote, I mean, hello, how how are you? Yeah, if you're really lonely, it is it's No, tha that w that w that would be more promising. It it's just a remote that talks to you. Uh. I mean to certain cues. 'Kay. Yeah, I'm fine with the basic battery. Hmm. Yeah, so we want it rub rubber double curved. So rubber rubber keys, yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. We're giving them a way to burn off steam, basically, yeah. Not that watching T_V_ should be that stressful. Oh yeah, I guess T_V_ can be stressful, yeah, if you're watching sports. Alright. Alright. Yeah, some of what I have to say ties into what Catherine was just talking about. Okay, so I'm continuing with the user interface uh topic. And so basically I consulted with our manufacturing division. It sounded like Catherine was also speaking with them. Uh I also took uh Reissa's marketing findings from the last meeting into consideration um, 'cause I think that's that's crucial as far as uh what keys we're going to inc inclu what buttons we are going to include and and how they're laid out. Uh and so the manufacturing division uh sent some some samples of of uh interface components that we might be interested in using that have been used in other products, uh like the coffee machine. So I already mentioned the speech recognition interface. I guess, we we basically vetoed that idea. It's it's pointless. Uh it's just a sample sensor sample output. It would just be probably the most expensive part of our remote without any actual interesting functionality as far as operating the T_V_. Uh so yeah, they they also give the uh they they suggested the idea of using a spinning wheel like you use on the side of an M_P_ three player like iPod. Um so we've already addressed that and I think that would actually be worse for something like R_S_I_ I mean you got that thumb movement that you're constantly doing. Um the other suggestion, and I I have a feeling that we're interested in in something more general, but they suggested uh, you know, going i a little bit into a a niche, like either gearing our remote towards kids, where you could have lot of colours um, the keys might be you know, funny or or, or uh something for the elderly, where the remote's very large and the buttons are very large and there's only a few buttons. But you know we can we can discuss this, but it sounded like from our last meeting we really wanted something that was general, but done well. Uh um So, the key layout and design are really crucial. You don't want uh you want people to be able to quickly access the buttons that they use a lot without uh always pressing the wrong one um. And I didn't mention that we need a power button in our last I can give you an example here of uh, good layout and bad layout uh from our manufacturing department. So this would be an example of bad layout, where you have volume up and volume down, but they have a V_ on both of them, so uh it's sort of confusing for the user. Uh this is the example of the giant remote that's impossible to lose. And for something for kids. Yeah. Um. And so, yeah, I th I think my personal preferences of we've all kind of talked about and seemed to be on the same page um. Uh so I was against the speech recognition and against going uh towards anything in in a niche sense. I think it should be more general. I didn't I didn't think the spinning-wheel or the uh L_C_ display were were crucial for us. And, yeah, that's it for me. So we're we're not gonna have any sort of display I think uh. So, yeah, it's just gonna be just gonna be push-buttons. Um. I think we shall have a limited number of buttons, ideally, I mean a a power, channel up, channel down, volume up, volume down, and a numerical keypad. Uh. And some sort of it will either have a a lock button like we mentioned or or a cover or something like that. I guess it's to the point where we need to decide about that. Well now that we've decided on our Um it seems like we wouldn't wanna make it too busy and too sort of gaudy, but um Yeah, I would say mayb maybe a couple of colours like uh like a black with with yellow and somewhere, like maybe the R_R_ can be yellow, or something like that. I I guess the fact uh also that we are having a rubber case uh would prevent us from having the cover function that we thought of before. I mean, 'cause uh s so if we wanna have a lock of some sort it would have to be a button. But I think that should be I mean um, I can speak with the button department, but uh I think that it should be easy to have a button that just prevents prevents the other uh the other buttons from operating. So that should be simple. Mm. Yeah. Well it should be it should be maybe cutting edge in some sense, I mean have something that's little more technologically advanced than what's on the market. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, I mean, these first two points we've already sort of gone away from, 'cause our rubber one is not fancy I mean it's different, but I wouldn't say like a rubber remote is fancy. If that's what people want then we maybe we're going in the wrong direction. And it's it's not technologically innovative either. Mm. So is is the advantage of Bluetooth that you can just like synchronise it with other electronics? Yeah, that's basically what it allows you to do, right? Yeah, the that wouldn't be the remote so much, I mean Mm. Yes, so can Yeah, we can make the squeezing of the rubber be the be the generating like the energy generator. we're all about that. Okay, so we could have keys that are like a b like a broccoli key and a uh and an avocado key on them.. Yeah, that's great for us. Right. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, I don't know how we incorporate We don't have to follow every trend, I guess. Uh-huh. The power button could be like a big apple or something. They don they don't own all images of apples. Okay, we'll make it a uh pomegranate, a big pomegranate.. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Sure. The one thing I'm wondering about, I hope that we're not going like too much down a gimmicky road of of having I mean if somebody go goes into the store they're gonna see like three or four normal remotes, and then a big spongy pink t tomato uh remote. I mean what are ninety per cent of people gonna take? Mm. Yeah I mean, that that seems to work well with for products like iPod, where, you know, you have a variety of colours, that people feel like they're customising it when they buy it, even, you know, just just by the fact of choosing. Right. Yeah. Okay. Oh right. Yeah. That sounds good. Mm. Right. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, I think we all know what we need to do now. Okay. Okay, I'll stay in here. Does the pay-raise immediately come into effect on our next pay-check, or is that So we're buying fut I mean, we're getting futures in the company. So we really have a incentive to make this remote work. I'd like to share in the coffee machine profits, because that's really doing well. Yeah.. This company has its its fingers in a lot of different pots. Yeah, we're definitely not in the money making department. Well I I did notice looking at I mean, they told you that they wanted whatev our product to represent the the R_R_ brand and and to be immediately noticeable. I mean, if you look like at the coffee maker at the at the corporate web page, it's not obvious. R_R_. Well it is to us, because we we worked worked here for years and we use that coffee machine, but it's doesn't have the colour scheme of of the of the company anywhere on it obviously it's just sil silver and black. No. Mm. Okay. Right, well, I guess that's us. Okay. Right.
Oh right okay. I cover myself up.. I've always wanted one of these, I really have. Where do you buy 'em from? They're. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Mm-hmm. Batteries. It's here. Ah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. I think rubber's But after my after my fashion thing, I think you'll realise that rubber is more People. What about the just developed uh sample sensor? G there, the sample sensor, sample speaker thing. Mm, I dunno. Be cool. Channel two. Oh, it just gives an answer. Oh, then then I thought I thought it was when they said I thought when they said, voice recognition, they meant um like, channel five, and it will change. Like you talk to it. Can I have channel five? Oh, then forget about it. Oh right okay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. So it will look like something like this.. Yeah. Well the rubber push-buttons. Don't you have to move your Mm. Mm. Yeah, the rubber's good. Yeah, so they can sit there and go like Mm. Mm. That does get annoying. Uh-huh. Well Maybe we can Right. Well, I'm just basically letting you know what's happening in the markets and what the fashions are for next year. Um. So yes, so from looking at this year's trends and fashions and also recent investigation that we've done in the remote control market, we have found that for the remote control market these are like most important aspects like that we really need to which we've already probably discussed. Um the most important aspect is look and feel. So the remote control has to look and feel fancier than the ones that already that we already have. So it has to be Yep. Exactly. Um second, uh it should be technologically innovative innovative. So Technologically it should be like um work, basically, I guess. It should work. Should That's new. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. So, no loose That's why I was thinking, Bluetooth, 'cause if you like put up Bluetooth, and it's like a Bluetooth remote control, everybody's gonna like, oh, 'cause Bluetooth is the in thing nowadays, like it really is, like people and um when it comes to marketing like that's what people go for, they don't really care whether, you know, at the end of the day whether it works properly or not. Well, they do, but it's like it's not Yeah, but it looks good. If it looks good and it's it can just be there for decoration. But like You could always insert, yeah. Yeah, but, I mean, people like Well, if you're looking at if you looking at something that's going to be bought by people, you have to make it new, you have to make it state of the art. Well, it doesn't Like it doesn't have to be, you know, Bluetooth, that was just an idea, but like it needs do something that, you know, is new. Whether it's a battery it could be something really really minor, you know, like but I think we are really keeping to what is already out there, and people've already seen it, people've already got it. If we want something new, we need to move away from what we already have and um just go creative. And then you can market it. Never have to change a battery again. I think, safety s Yeah. Third most important aspect uh is it's easy to use. And I think we've all um worked that out. Um okay, in the fashion, how it's supposed to look. Next year's fashion i very much in fruit and vegetables are thm are like the theme for cloths, shoes and furniture. So next year people will be buying, I found this really funny, you know, strawberry shaped chairs, and things. Yeah. Rubber things. Um and as it's rubber the feel which is in this year is spongy, so it's it's not quite spongy, but spongy, I would say is yeah, so we're in. Yeah. And so personal what I was just saying like move away from the current remote controls uh like the look and the feel of the current ones and change the look and feel, while still keeping to the company's image, basically. So yeah.. I had to say So we're moving in the right direction like Mm. Maybe make it like fruity colours or something. Some sort. Or Mm. Well I think, if it's rubber it needs to be different. I think, it's it should be I mean, what do you associate with rubber? You know like really different colours basically. Okay, sor I sorry, I used the wrong word, what do you associate with the mate the material that material? Um Um like I'm just thinking bright colours. Bright natural colours, nothing too Bright, but too not yeah. Like no lime green or bright yellow or bright pink. Wanna make it different colours so anybody can choo like like Yeah. And on the back of it have the logo. Well I can say in this country, you'll get, you know, lots of people wanting something really funky and cool. Like and kids will be walking in with their parents saying, Mummy I wanna buy that one. And uh parents will see the will see the pro as well, because it's um like kids won't break it, it's not breakable if you throw it around. Especially with younger kids, you know they can pick it up and and Yeah. The only thing is is that really small kids might chew on it, but Yeah. So so it's rea it's quite it's quite like um user friendly and also for different families, like like family use as well, so for little kids and for old ki like teenagers will like it, I think. Especially maybe younger girls if it's in pink they'll be like pink remote control for their room something. Yeah. So like you walk in, you're like, oh I like that remote control, because it's so bright, and then, and then the shop assistant comes up and says, oh what colour would you like? and then they go like, oh I can choose the colour wow. So it puts, I think, even the customer into more control over what they're buying instead of, you've got all colour it's either that or nothing. So they also get to pick. Well, personally I like walking into a shop and choosing a colour. It's um Yeah. Mm. D you've got the Evaluation. Mm. Yeah. S This gives you all the details? um. Yeah. Mm. Mm.
. Almost. Mm 'kay. No no no no, it's fine I'm just preparing. Okay. Where is that thing? Oh sorry, couldn't see. Would that work? Okay, so that's me again. Um so um for the energy sources we can have a basic battery, a hand dynamo which is which was used uh in the fifties for torches, if you remember that kind of which wouldn't be v wouldn't be v v yeah, yeah. It wouldn't be very fancy. You can have a kinetic provision of energy, which is used on some watches these days. So if you have just a bit of gentle movement that it will give it the energy to work. Or you can use solar cells, but I'm not sure about that indoors, really, but Yeah. I dunno actually. I dunno. Um. Think the the uh what would cost the less would be the basic battery, really. And uh if we want something fancier, I think the kinetic provision of energy could be nice, but I don't know if it's worth the cost. So we've got to discuss that. For the case of the remotes itself, um they can be a general case, which is just a flat one. You can have uh a curved one or a double curved one, if you know what I mean, so You know, kind of more ergonomic, that kind of suits the palm of your hand, that kind of thing. So Um then the case material itself, so it can be uh uh either plastic or latex, uh rubber, wood, or titanium. And th for each of them you have uh cases where for example titanium, you can't use it for if you if we're choosing a double curved case, we can't choose titanium. And if we are choosing um solar cells then we can't choose latex for the case material, so we just have to take that into account. But if we're choosing just the flat case then we can go for anything. And I think we discussed earlier on the R_ S_ I_ problem thing, so we could uh Yeah. Yeah. And also it doesn't break as easily maybe, I dunno So rubber would be Okay. Uh s so if d okay. And then there are the push-buttons, so you can have basic push-buttons or a scroll-wheels, like you have on a mouse, um or you could have um L_C_D_, which gives you a display. Um scroll buttons, as well. So if you use a rubber double curved case, you must use rubber push-buttons. So if we're going for rubber then we have to decide for the case. Um and if we choose double curved then we have to go for rubber push-buttons. So it's a constraint. Yeah, but is it a double curved one or not? If it's not a double curved, then we've got the choice for the push-buttons, if it's a double curve, we've gotta go for rubber push-buttons. If that makes sense. Yeah.. No, but na le you see, you've got, okay, the energy that's one thing, then you have the case is uh, whether it's flat or curved. And that's we don't care if it's rub rubber or not, but then we've decided that we going for rubber for the case material. So if we've chosen rub rubber and if now we have the choice for the case whether it's flat, single curved or double curved. And I'm just saying if it if we choose it to be double curved then we need to go I dunno why, but we need to go for uh rubber push-buttons. So, either I dunno we just need to decide on the on the case. Let's go crazy. And then, do I have a last slide? Yes, I do. Um so the push-buttons themselves they can be just simple or they can be so that's just the electronics between the but behind the push-buttons. Um and the price that go with it with it, so the simple push-buttons are gonna be the cheapest. Uh if we get a scroll-wheel, that's a higher price range. If we get an advanced chip which is um used for the L_C_D_, the display thing, then that's even more expensive. Mm.. Yeah. The infra-red. Yeah. Well, if if it's not chip on print then, I guess, you get different chip components, and you build them separately and doesn't include the infra-red. It's less expensive mm Technically speaking, it's not as advanced, but it does the job, too. Fo It doesn't, yeah, yeah, yeah. Totally. Yeah. So let's not go for the Yeah, yeah. I agree. So it's either um the scroll-wheel or the push-buttons. Well It'd be it'd be cool, but they are saying they've just developed it, I'm just guessing. But it's gonna be the most expensive option, probably and Hm. Just if you are really lonely, maybe. Channel five. And then it switches on. Okay, so I'll go back, maybe, to the previous slide and we can decide for each problem, what we should choose. So for the energy source, do we go for the battery or the Cheaper option. Are you happy with that? Okay. So we'll go for the battery. Then the case, do you want it flat or curved or sing or double curved? Double? Okay, so then if we use double curved case, then we have to u choose rubber push-buttons, and that's fine? P Yeah. I thought they would give an option of flat buttons or a That they don't. Mm. Alright, that's me done. Sorry. Well Bluetooth would, for example, enable you, I think, to um um connect for example you if you get a w call on your mobile phone, but your mobile phone is downstairs or something, you would get on your television you're being called by this person right now. Things like that. No i No, but if you get Bluetooth on the remote, you'd be able to I with the television, yeah. I was just trying to find an advantage. Wha what w what advantage would you get for the Maybe the kinetic mo provision of energy then. It's been done for watches, but I haven't seen that for remotes, yet. Change the batteries ever again. Yeah, well, and in little characters you say, yeah, but not too much. Yep. No vegetables. Well yeah, but Apple would sue you for that. sued the Beatles so Yeah. Why not? I'm gonna write that down. That's yeah. Although I'd be curious to see how many uh You know, there are some colours that I wouldn I would never choose, and I would be curious how many people choose that colour. Mm. And produce less of the silly colours, maybe. Yep. Alright. Mm. Cool. It is. Great. That's true. Doesn't Yeah. Are we taking these off?
I feel like Madonna with one of these on. I said I feel like Madonna with one of these on. Right. Hello everybody. Back again for another wonderful meeting. Is uh everyone ready? Okay, we c we can hold on for a minute. I figured with the spam thing, if you can't beat it, join in. Are you ready? Okay, right, well, I take it that you are all ready now. Um alright first off we'll just uh recap from our last meeting. Um which was we got together just to basically decide on well to talk about what it is that we were actually uh supposed to be doing, and who we all are and stuff like that, mm get bit more of an idea together of what's going on. Um what we are gonna talk about in this meeting is um now that we know what it is that we are doing, now we know that it's a T_V_ remote and stuff and you guys have just been off doing some some uh R_ and D_ for that, that's research and development for those that haven't heard that before, see I'm learning all sorts of new technologi terms in technology today. Um yeah, we're gonna hear your uh th three little presentations, whether they be on computer or on the whiteboard or whatever you want. Um I'd like to um hear o I'd like to hear who's g who's on the um from from uh Catherine actually first. I want what I'd like to hear about is uh if we've finally decided on um what sort of energy we're gonna be using and It's just that yeah, let's let's hear from you first. Get yourself in position. I don't think any of us remember the fifties. Do sol solar panel things, do they have to work from the sun or can they work from a light bulb? Does anybody know? Okay. Mm. Okay, jolly good. What's a double curved one? Okay. So that might be an idea of using the rubber, but then it should, you know yeah. when a T_V_ programme's got one watching the match and your team's just lost, you can fuzz it across the room and it'll bounce off the wall back at you. Yeah, I like that idea. Rubber, we're all we're all going we're all liking that idea? You think you can market that? Ooh, we like rubber, ooh. Uh-huh. Well, we're gonna go with I think we've decided that it's gonna be a rubber case so push buttons instead of the wheel? rubble double double. I'll have a Big Mac, please. Let's have rubber push buttons, hey. Yeah. Simple, yeah. Chip on print. It's a bit. Okay, uh what I'm not understanding here is uh, okay, advanced chip on print, which I presume is like one P_C_B_ and that's got all the electronics on one board including the um infra-red sender? Right. Um what a what alternatives do we have to that? Y um what alternatives do we have to the chip on print? so it sounds So, why would we not go for that? If it's something that's inside the the unit. I it doesn't affects whether the customer's gonna buy it or not. Um we wanna go for an i i all so long as it works, you know. So let's not let's uh not bother with the chip on print. Yeah. S yeah, push buttons. What about what? Well, what do we need a speaker for in a remote control unit? S Yeah. It's not something that we wanna t go into with this product. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Basic battery. It's cheap, it's cheerful, it's worked, does work. We were go we were going with the late with the the R_S_I_ rubber, weren't we? The the The double whopper, please. Yep, but we're going for the simple buttons. Yeah. And it's cheapest all round, it sounds kinda funky, and we can also market it as i 'cause we were s saying earl you were saying earlier in your research that um the the people have the R_ people were getting the complaining about R_S_I_, and this is anti-R_S_I_. So that's another marketing point that we can use. But anything is gonna have buttons. Even if it's a jog wheel, it's still repetitive. You You see, you can still get it does you still get repetitive strain injury, whether you are pressing a button or pressing a flat bit of screen. It's the v it's the fact that you are pressing the same doing the same movement. It's not actually what you are doing. But the fact that this this rubber i is actually used in these anti-R_S_I_ ps specific Yeah. And you know, yeah, you can fuzz it across the room and throw it at throw it at your children yeah. Okay, Gabriel. Let's um let's let's hear from you about the um it's the interface. Great. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do we have an uh example of a good one? Brilliant. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well let's um so w what are our definite decisions on this then as a team? The um The the um the interface type we're going for Just the simple s simple straight set of buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, and we're not yeah. Are we gonna hav hav an are we d have we decided on whether w we're gonna s supplement it with anything, you know, colours or particular gimmicky bits to it, we're not we're just gonna go for something We're Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okey-dokey. Yeah, I don't have any other questions on this. Let's move over to Yeah, sure.. Yeah, the button that just does that, yeah. Cool. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, why should people buy this when they're already got a remote that came with the T_V_? What's that mean? Okay, now the trouble is is we've already decided that we're going with the stuff that works already, that's cheap. Yeah. Maybe we could um Of course, they do. One hundred per cent, that's your first thing, you go, oh I'm not gonna buy that, 'cause I dunno if it works or not. Okay, well, what do you two think about this? Yeah, what I don't understand what m Yeah, and it this is just gonna all this is being used for is your television. It would that would mean you'd need a television that has Bluetooth in it, which no no television does, does it? That would mean we'd have to make a television as well. No, that would be your telephone in with your television. Yeah, and i Nah, the televi the television would have to be a Bluetooth compatible, basically. An and there is no there is no such thing. Okay. Okay. Yeah, this that's that's very good. And and this is all tying in very nicely. The fact that it's made out of this rubber, we can throw it about. Th we should encourage people to throw their remote controls about, because it charges itself up by doing it. But yeah, by the squeezing it the Yeah, that's a great idea. Well done. Yeah. I wanna watch the pineapple channel. Well spongy, that's where. Yeah, we're we're ahead of the game there. Okay. Alright, yeah, no, this i this is good, so through all that we've we go we're right, we're gonna go go back to um going with the kinetic thing, that's great, using the spongy rubber that we were talking about that anti-R_S_I_ you can as you squeeze it you are not only therapeuticising yourself, you are charging the batteries, and um I'm not sure about the buttons being in the shape of fruit though.. Yeah, this is true. Well, okay, it seems like the only thing that we haven't really finally um agreed on is its image. Like, yeah, we're we're saying no we don't want it to be fruit and vegetables, but we dunno what it should be, or like are we going yeah it looks slick, but what do what do we mean by slick sort of thing? I mean you said earlier on i it should be funky. L keep it clean, keep it clean. Bright, but not too bright. Like the volume buttons should be the all the same colour and the d and the the channel buttons should be one colour and stuff like that, do you mean? Okay, what? Okay. Tha Yeah, I mean we that's we we Yeah. This is the remote control tomato. Yeah. Well, it's it's gotta be chew proof. So, what are you saying, maybe we should market it in different colours for different so we could do like the pink range, the blue range, the green range, the Mm. Well that's that can be down to bit of market researching you know, if that's easy enough to find out what colours are more popular. Mm. Okay. Alright. Well um, we'll alright let's what we're gonna aim to get together by the next meeting then um is from you Catherine wi your y y you know you're gonna be working on the the look and feel design. Um Gabriel, you're gonna be working on, you know come up with the the user interface design. Then basically, you two are gonna be working together on this. You won't be going off to your separate offices. Um and I think you are gonna get a chance to play with some clay. I think, yeah, it's gonna you know, come up ki you know, be ab for the next meeting be able to come in and show us some some i some physical ideas. 'Cause at the moment, uh you know, it's it's hard. We were kinda going, yeah, it's gotta feel nice, it's gotta look cool and that it's you know now we can actually start, you know, s some sort of physical something or other. Um and you're gonna be working on the product evaluation. Um. And I will be uh talking to the bosses, basically, and uh f fielding off some more spam and uh that's it really. Keeping things t well, uh you know, ho hopefully uh keeping things together. Um. Yeah, that's This is this is uh good. So we know for definite we know we've we've now got some definite things going on. We definitely know how it's powered, we definitely know that um it's gonna be a simple buttons, we're not gonna be going for the new technological chip on print expensive things, so we've we're keeping the costs down. It's this rubber casing that we can sell as um fun and funky. Don't know of any other remote controls that are made out of this stuff. People, you know, people are saying, oh, standard stuff gives you repetitive strain injury, well this remote control is designed to do the complete opposite, It's supposed to fix it rather than cause it. Um. you know, we're gonna we we're gonna as a sort of extra something on it, you know what what extra things are there extra things this product have? We'll look into this lock key facility, although whether or not it happens, or is possible, I don't know, but something to look into. Okay. I think that's um well done everybody. Anyone have any uh any questions, everyone know what they're doing? 'Cause if you don't, you'll I'm sure you'll soon get an e-mail about it. Okay. right well. It's um we're we've still couple of minutes until our meeting's due to finish. But um I got a note saying that you two who are gonna be working together so bef before you all disappear off just hold hold fire. Um. Um I think, it's uh, yeah, I think, it's gonna be par part more of a profit sharing on the product. Yeah, I think i I think that's I think that's the way it's gonna happen at the moment. Yeah. Yeah. I want a share in the space rocket. Did you see that this k that this company we've made a spaceship. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. Mm. And the spaceship doesn't have the R_ have a massive R_ and R_ down the side of it but I still want one. Okay. Um I've just had a sign flashing up saying, finish the meeting. Uh. Yeah. Yeah. It's not telling it's not saying do anything in particular just yet. So maybe you should go back to your own offices. Yeah. Yeah, it says you two
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The industrial designer discussed different options for batteries, materials, and components, as well as restrictions involved in combining particular materials, components, and batteries. The team then discussed and decided what materials, components, and what type of battery to use in their product. The interface specialist presented examples of existing remotes on the market with good and bad layouts and stated what features the remote required. The marketing expert discussed research from trendwatching reports, finding that products now require technological innovativeness, a fancy look and feel, a spongy feel, and a fruit and vegetable theme. This lead to a discussion on whether to use Bluetooth or infra-red technology in remote. The team then discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the remote. 
"Play-Doh's edible. Did you know that? It's definitely Yeah. It's it's chew proof. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Everybody everybody ready? Okay, let's have your um let's get have the uh presentation? Nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. what button? Um. Oh mute. Okay. That certainly does. Mm. Mm. Yeah. 'S great. I have one thing about it, but it's a small thing, but it'd mean we'd have to make a right-handed one and a left-handed one. But, that's I don't see why that's not possible. Yeah. They make left-handed scissors, you know. Yes s Mm. Sure. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. But um other than that, I mean uh and that's um, you know, that's just something, I think I think it's great, yeah, great idea. I think it's, well, if the R_R_ motto is, we bring fashion to to electronics, I'd say that could be quite fashionable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, very good, yeah. It's come up with what we've you know, the things that's what we've what we were looking at doing, hasn't it, all seems to be there. Well done. Um before we move on I need that cable. Thank you. Yeah. Um. One thing I do need to do we need to look at, is the costs. Well, yeah. um Yeah. Uh right. Okay, now I think we'll do this I could do you know, I can do this o on my own or I could do it with you, but it's just easy enough to go through it with you, so we're going for the kinetic power. And the electronics, we decided on it being just a simple, the easiest thing that's inside it. Ooh. So the case, we've gone for the double curved. Um and it's made out of rubber. The interface is push-buttons. And button supplements well they're in diff special colours, aren't they? So special colours. Special form, yeah, they're a special form there in shapes and stuff. Yep. Yeah. Um. Are they made out of any special material? No they're not. They're not made out of wood or titanium or rubber or anything, they're just simple Okay. Right. So let's see if that comes within budget. And it does. That is gonna cost uh Yeah. That's gonna cost ten ten Euro seventy cents a unit to make. And our target was it had to come in at under twelve fifty. So, this is all very very good. The bosses will be very pleased. Okay, let's just save this so I can e-mail it to you. Uh. Save it in save it in the uh my documents. Splendid. Okay. So uh, that's done with this with this um doodah, so you're. Gonna do what you were gonna do, your evaluation. F_ eight. I love the smell of that Play-Doh. I cou. I would give it a seven. Oh sorry, one, d yeah. Yeah.. Yeah, but that's not a technological thing, that's another thing, i that's another marketing thing. So on the technical side of it it Easy to use. I'd say it's I wouldn't not if you're left-handed it's not. I would give it a I would give it a two, 'cause i i it i it i it is more geared for right-handed people than left-handed people, but Yeah. Give it a t give it a two. Cost. It's come in under budget. So that's a definite one. Amount of buttons. Contains only the necessary buttons. Yeah. So it's anti-R_S_I_. I don't think it's gonna get lost easily. two. I mean it No, I mean I mean, you could still flush it down the toilet theoretically, but Okay. Alright it's all all systems go. We can't fail.. Well done, Reissa. Okay, I I think um I just wanna put in as Project Manager the you know, little bit of praise for everybody here for how they've worked on it, you know, both individually and as a team. You know you've w everyone's come up with their own individual ideas in their own different departments, um and then come together and worked in, you know, integrally, you know, at the right times, psp, you know, especially you two. That's all, you know, gone very very well and and and be you know, has been good communication going on. Did you have to go down to the the corporate squash court and bash a few balls about? Fantastic. I think So I I, you know, and I think we've co we have come we've come up with something new, something that hasn't been done before, we haven't we're not just rehashing an old design. Yeah. You know, maybe this isn't a simulation, maybe this is actually so it's like Sony or someone like that they're they're just, yeah, they get Yeah. Yeah, two years' time this will be on the market. Ex exactly that product um thum we'll go, yeah, we designed that and no-one will believe us. But um No, I think when this meeting's finished like officially, there b we'll get a uh questionnaire to fill in. Or six, uh I haven't got message. It gets handed over to another department. What our what our project was was to come up with the product, basically. the for the and just basically is it it come can is it within budget. When it c when it comes to all the other things of how to sell it and, you know, the b the profits and all that that's other departments it's another team that actually work out the mai the oh yeah, the all the guys in the profit sharing, yeah. Um. Yeah, that's it. You know, we've we've we've made i we've made we've designed the product, we've ma we've got the prototype, it's within budget, it's does everything that we wanted it to do. It's new, it's it's um something that uh that isn't out there already. Yeah. Well, this is very marketable in that it is it's it's something that's kind of new and looks a bit quirky for people who want that, it's that it's um, hang on, I wrote it down here somewhere Oh no I thi I put it in one of my e-mails that I sent off. Um that, you know, it's marketable in the sense that it's whilst all these other remotes uh actually do give you repetitive strain injury, our one does the complete opposite, you know, so that's something that's new, which is one of the criteria they asked us to come up with something with something new. Yeah, and if you're not having a good time with the T_V_, you can f throw it about, you know. It's fine, it's kid proof. Well, you can break the ornaments, but you won't break that. Yeah. So all in all, I think we've done very well. Well done everybody. Um. Drinks are on the company. In the corporate bar that's next to the corporate swimming pool on the top floor that we're that've all just gained access to. Yeah. That's it. Well, as far as I t as far as I know. Um. No. Anyone wanna play I spy? Yeah, I guess. I mean we're gonna get asked to fill out another questionnaire. Um. It's probably gonna be the same as one we've done before. But I'm not the authority to say that it is. Um how does everyone feel about the technology that's been used in this? The sort of using of the the pens and writing on these special pads and all that? Yeah. I thi you know, I'd I'd n yeah, as we said earlier, I've not never seen that before. something that t the whiteboard thingy, that's great. Um, but a p a pen with a camera on it, I don't think it's such a new thing. I mean it's i or in such a new idea. It would be different if it was sort of hand writing recognition stuff, but as it's not it's literally that'll come up on a computer screen as a picture file rather than actual text. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah.
I used to eat it. Yep. We've got a cool prototype. Double curved. Which is ant anti-R_S_I_. Oh right, yeah. Yeah, I know I know people who have left-handed and right-handed people in the family and they all use the computer for the whole the same computer the fes family and they have a mouse, and everybody is using right-handed mouse. Imagine d are you right handed? Imagine you're doing it with your left hand, I don't think it's too But we can have both uh Yeah. I think it does. Yeah. There you go. Play-Doh is very cheap. Chew proof. Oh ho-ho. Yep. Rubber. Yeah.. Mm-hmm. A one. Well, the kinetic thing, yeah. Well so the um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. True. Two. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes s yeah. It's yellow. Two. T Mm. Mm. We've, we've done well. Well. You know It is. Y Oh really? Mm yep. Cool. Glad to hear that. Yeah. Yeah.
I've, I've definitely eaten it before. I didn't know was edible.. Actually that makes sense, because I remember like, peopl I dunno if my Mom ever did it but I remember other people's Moms making like home-made Play-Doh where you just like make the colouring and make some sort of sort of dough. Mm-hmm. Yeah. We've got some. Yeah, it's pretty exciting. So, everything uh that we wanted we wanted it to be ergonomic and to be made out of rubber, very simple and easy to use, yeah, double curved, um but also something that was gonna jump out at people, something that would be different uh, separate it from the other remotes out on the market. So uh I think if you put this in the palm of your hand, you'll see what a nice thing we have going here. So, basically, if you hold it like that, the one on your thumb, yeah, the thumb button is the power button. Your index finger is channel up, middle finger is channel down, ring finger is volume up, your pinkie is volume down. That's the lock button, has a L_ L_ on it and then the M_ is a mute button. And then it also has digit For muting the uh Um and then then you can also there's a numeric keypad on the top so you can key directly to the to the channel if you want. So it's really basic functionalities as far as what keys are available, but we think it's very comfortable and very innovative and it looks different. So all the, I mean the important keys are right at your f f you know right at uh at a convenient place for you to to access them. So you don't you Yeah. It should be. And it's also conformable to the size of your hand. I mean if that's too big, it's a rubber remote, so you can, you know change that. So d does that uh what mesh with what you guys were hoping and for and expecting or does it Ah, that's good thinking, yeah. Yeah, if we build rocket ships why can't we build left-handed and right-handed uh remotes. Yeah, I didn't I didn't think about that, but I'd yeah,. Uh-huh. Yeah. Do you think it says R_R_? Fashion to electronics. Yeah. Yeah. And it's got the b the black and yellow and blue. Plus red, which is sort of a a fruit and vegetable uh uh. So that's that's our end of things wha uh That's Yeah. The costs, was that what you said? But it's edible. That was the main criteria from the last meeting, it had to be chew proof. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, these these ones on the side are curved kind of, so The buttons are rubber. That's cool. Yeah. Yeah. And we're actua actually making a better profit than we expected. Yeah, have some have some. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Oh, sorry, one. Yeah. That was our main technological innovation w every everything else was fairly simple, but the fact that we used the kinetic energy was new. It's ergonomic, but that's not that's that's a design that's a des that's a design thing, yeah. It's about in the mid in the middle somewhere, maybe, yeah, I dunno. Maybe three, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. If we're gonna have one left-handed and one right-handed then I would give it a one, but otherwise otherwise a two. Yeah. That was great. Yeah. It is very bright, yeah. It's not the kinda thing that's gonna slip like between a couch cushion or something, you know. Maybe it will. Uh. You think it could lost Mm. Okay. Yeah, anything, I mean. Okay. It's bigger than the average mobile, I guess. But, yeah, it can get lost. Yeah. Okay, yeah, two is fine. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, during our design I mean there was some s some heated heated discussion, but we we kept we tried to keep it cool and and just just We just had to we just had to squeeze our product a little bit and Now you guys have been a a great team. Think we're the we're the envy of all the of all the other R_R_ teams,. Yeah I think they're actually trying to find ideas for a ideal remote. So at this stage, I mean, is this the last meeting of the project? We don't uh have another one after it's gone gone to marke market or something? So there's no way to like predict what our 'Cause we had a we originally had a As far as our financial uh um goals, we had a specific number for profits that we wanted. It was fifty mil fifty million I don't remember. But there's not a way to compute that, I mean, since we saved on the on the production cost, do we know how much we're making on profit? Uh. Hmm. But we have a vested interest prof profit sharing. I think actually and one advantage of of this is that after the uh, you know, after this fad of fruit and vegetables passes this will still be c a cool remote, you know. We're not we're not you know, tying tying our cart to that one horse. Mm. Mm. Mm. It make watching T_V_ healthy. Uh. Right, you too. Mm. That's it. I guess it's probably better that we wrap it up than have five minutes of silence. Should we call the day then? Uh, right. Mm-hmm. Your moment to shine. Right, I think they do want to do hand writing recognition on that, it's just the first step. I guess we should end this, since we're off off topic. So. Shall we Right.
It's Play-Doh. Because kids yeah. But um, it's it's made edible 'cause, yeah. It's made edible 'cause kids eat it, and if it's wasn't edible then Well, normal babies. Oh yeah it is, yeah. Oh yeah. That is cool. What's the big blue thing? Oh cool. And mute. Oh it's so cute. Yeah, but then but then you can learn to use your right h like I was just thinking if there's left-handers and right-handers in the family, what, they have two remotes? Yeah, I'm sure they'll be able to I mean it's only pressing buttons, you don't have to do anything, you know, extraordinary. I think everybody can press a button with their left and right hand so Yeah, it's not Yeah. Have them in stock. Make 'em more appealing as well.. And all the playing around is uh Yeah, I'm just do you wanna plug in? Okay. Mm. Play-Doh won't last very long everybody'll go like, oops, it's gone. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well, they'll buy more of them if you eat them,. Yeah. Yeah. It's better for And special material. Well they're rubber, aren't they? We're under budget. It's already saved, I think. Thank you. Mm. Oh, yeah. This is where we all get to I get to write on the, oops, on the board. Right. Oh. 'S function Okay. Mm. Okay. So, evaluation. We're gonna do it all together so we evaluate each criteria. I've got the criterias. And we have to do it on a scale of one to seven, one being true, so it's it's more like it's fits the criteria, and seven being as in it doesn't fit the criteria. And the criterias are, and I'll draw this up on the board so we have a box. And this is false, this is just like to keep you informed. So seven's here and one's here and then you've got in the middle. So the first criteria. Do you all get what we're doing? Okay, cool. Okay, first criteria, look and feel. So the does remote look and feel fashionable to what we talked about? As it is it colour-wise and is it spongy? So what mark should we give for that? As in it's not. A one a one. So I'll just write criteria criteria one we get one. Second criteria, new technology. Have we implemented new technology? As in the new high-tech So it's. So we'll give it a Yeah. I'd say it's about a a twoish? Two. Three. three. So criteria three is is it easy to use? I think it's a one, I think. Two, so it's But if we make a right-handed and a left-handed then? Yeah. Yeah, okay. 'Kay, criteria four is costs. 's great. Yeah. Like the amount of buttons, 'cause people like a lot le like So it's a one? Um criteria six. R_S_I_ is it good against? Yes. Very good. It's one. And criteria seven, which is the last one, does it get lost? Is it easy to get lost? No? But it is smallish. Mm. I think i it would, could be, could get lost. Mm. Yeah. I mean it's not fully it's not fully like you can't say I mean, it's not a one, definitely. Yeah. The mobiles get lost all the time. But then you ring 'em and you find them. So Yeah. So, that's that. So that's the evaluation, so I'd say Yay. It's like like a number one. Um. Number one product. All done, thanks. We fitted all the criterias. Yeah. Yeah, so So that's that one. been cool. In four diff in in four meetings. Funny, all designer meetings could be this quick. They're using our ideas. Yeah. Just start summarising now. You can reply to the same message. See summary, there. If you just reply to that one. Was it was it fifty or five? Depends how much we sell. We finished an hour earlier. Mm. Mm. Definitely. Yeah. Just don't sh don't throw it at any of the ornaments and break them. No. Yay. Yep. We haven't got the five minute left thing yet. Mm mm. In project. I love it. I love it. I think it's cool. Being all wired up and a vibrating pen and it's cool. Being watched. Um Wow. Mm. Logitech. Yeah. Meeting adjourned.
";"The interface specialist and industrial designer presented their prototype to the team and discussed the features the prototype contained. In presenting the prototype, the issue arose that the prototype could only be used with the right hand. The team then looked at the production costs of the remote and found that their remote was actually under budget and that they could retain all the features they had originally decided upon without exceeding the target cost. The team evaluated the prototype on the basis of its look and feel, technological innovation, ease of use, costs, and its ability to be misplaced. Overall, the prototype performed very well in meeting all the criteria of the evaluation. The team then evaluated the project process, finding that they we
re happy with their product and their performance in the project. "
"Hmm. Yes. Well. Oh my god, it's better than what I'm gonna be able to do. Take my contraptions with me. Alright, I'm Jessy. I'm from around D_C_ ish sort of in the U_S_. And we're gonna keep the deep sea sort of theme going on, animal. Don't really know how to draw this. Just where can I Mm. Mm. Maybe if I do the water, but how? Sort of give an idea. I have no idea how one would explain this. Mm maybe with some whiskers. Briefly, it's supposed to be a seal. You can imagine it in the water. I like them, because they are like playful and silly sort of have a good time. Not gonna try and pretend like I can get any better than that. It's definitely significantly harder once you are doing it. That's impressive. Um I hate when there's like four different buttons and you have to press to actually turn on the T_V_ like you have to do one for the power of the T_V_ and then like another one to get the actual screen on and something else to get it all going, I don't know. Now they keep combining all different remotes together, and I don't know if I necessarily like that 'cause I feel like you end up with multimedia overload. I just wanna watch the T_V_ um. Always gets lost. Some sort of like device to help you find it. Yeah. What about like batteries and things like that, like are there some remotes that don don't require like batteries or do all remotes require batteries? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And maybe that spatially divides it, so it's like if you're looki if you're trying to get the T_V_ on that's, you know, like the top thing on the remote, I dunno if d be vertical or horizontal in terms of how we're gonna make it, but if it's like all the T_V_ stuff was here, then all the V_C_R_ stuff was here, all the whatever else we have programmed into it it's all just in its separate place and not like all the on buttons together, 'cause then you like, I don't even know what I'm turning on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm hmm. I think it's just T_V_, I mean, if it if we're taking it just new product a new television remote control that's not like doesn't say. You know, things might be more advanced than that. It's an idea with the buttons being really. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm four.
Uh Okay. Well, my name is Iain uh and I'm the User Interface Designer for the project. Um. And I'll try and draw my favourite animal. I'll I should leave that one on there shouldn't I before I callously rub it off. Um I'm not gonna draw it quite to scale um. Is that at least identifiable? It's a whale, yes. Thanks. Um and, yeah, the reason I like whales is 'cause uh they're well, first of all they're quite intelligent um and also they're they're kind of mysterious, like we don't really know much about them or or understand how they work, how they form groups. And I just find them interesting animals. Cool. I've used, I've used remote controls, for things like T_V_ and the C_D_ player and video recorder and I I guess they're they're pretty neat neat little tools uh. You don't have to get up and walk across the room to change a channel. So especially if you're someone really lazy like me they they're pretty nice. Um. I find them they can be a bit annoying, especially, like you know if I'm watching T_V_ I have have to have three separate remote controls of in front of me, you know, one for the T_V_, one for the digital box, one for m the video recorder as well. Um. And also they tend to they tend to be a bit confusing, they've got too many buttons on them uh too too sort of too sort of complicated when all I really wanna do is switch on and off, change the channel, change the volume. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Can I ask, are we designing a remote control for a television only um, and if if this device is just to be used for the television would we even technically be possible to include video recorder functions on it? Um or should we just stick to just stick to having television television related buttons on it? So we should maybe we should assume that i t it's just a television that we're wanting to control. Well, I mean I suppose it would be nice to have playing and record and stop buttons on it for the video recorder as well I I don't know if that works technologically or not. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. What we're gonna be discussing at the next meeting? Do we know that? Right. Yep. Yep. Okay. Can you e-mail your slides as well? Is that possible? Cool. 'Kay
Alima. Okay. Um I don't know which one of these I have to bring with me. Right, so, I'm supposed to draw my favourite animal. I have no drawing skills whatsoever. But uh let's see, introduce myself. My name is Alima Bucciantini. Um I'm from the state of Maine in the US. I'm doing nationalism studies, blah, blah, blah, and I have no artistic talents. A_ L_ I_ M_ A_. Oh, and I guess I'm the Industrial Designer on this project. So let's see if I can get um here. I will draw a little turtle for you all. Not necessarily 'cause it's my absolute favourite animal, but just that I think they're drawable. And you have the pretty little shell going on. Some little eyes. Happy. There you go. That's a turtle. Um. I I like the whole having a shell thing. It's quite cool carry your home around where you go, um quite decorative little animals, they can swim, they can, they're very adaptable, they carry everything they need with them, um and they're easy to draw. No, you can erase the turtle, it's alright. Snake. Well, snake? It's w Oh, a cat. Yeah. Right. That's That's pretty impressive. Yeah um. I agree with having too many remotes around. My dad has a whole drawer at home of remotes for various things, and I don't know how to work half of them um. What's important for me, I guess, is that it's easy to use and that there's not too many buttons, they are not too small, you know you know you need to n to know what you're doing. And one thing I particularly like is if you are not um sort of moving it around to get it to work with the infra-red. Um, I think there is a way around that, but I know in my residence right now the the television you sort of have to walk all around the room to get it to turn on, so i it's just simpler just to just turn around the T_V_ itself, and I think that's if we're gonna make a remote control, it should actually work for what it's doing. So I know. Yeah, something that doesn't Mm. Yeah. Could we get something that just has No doesn't have all the buttons that you need to program the video recorder or program s other things that I'm not very coherent about, but that just has your major buttons for that work for everything, you know volume control, on, off, channel changing. Yeah. N that way Yeah. Yeah, and if um if you'd save the more complicated functions maybe for separate remotes that you wouldn't need to use every day. Um. Yeah. Mm. Right. Mm. Mm yeah. Yes. I guess we have to define what what we're aiming for. If it's just a television then that it's a bit simpler, 'cause there's less buttons that would even need to be on it. Large. If you have older people or people like me that aren't very co-ordinated hand-eye, it's really quite important that you are not pressing a small like teeny mobiles phone size buttons, if we can help it. Hmm. Yeah. 'Kay. I'm sure we'll be busy. I'm two. Alright. 'Kay.
Okay. Good morning everybody. Um I'm glad you could all come. I'm really excited to start this team. Um I'm just gonna have a little PowerPoint presentation for us, for our kick-off meeting. My name is Rose Lindgren. I I'll be the Project Manager. Um our agenda today is we are gonna do a little opening and then I'm gonna talk a little bit about the project, then we'll move into acquaintance such as getting to know each other a little bit, including a tool training exercise. And then we'll move into the project plan, do a little discussion and close, since we only have twenty five minutes. First of all our project aim. Um we are creating a new remote control which we have three goals about, it needs to be original, trendy and user-friendly. I'm hoping that we can all work together to achieve all three of those. Um so we're gonna divide us up into three compa three parts. First the functional design which will be uh first we'll do individual work, come into a meeting, the conceptional design, individual work and a meeting, and then the detailed design, individual work and a meeting. So that we'll each be doing our own ideas and then coming together and um collaborating. Okay, we're gonna get to know each other a little bit. So um, what we're gonna do is start off with um let's start off with Amina. Um Alima, sorry, Alima. Um we're gonna do a little tool training, so we are gonna work with that whiteboard behind you. Um introduce yourself, um say one thing about yourself and then draw your favourite animal and tell us about it. Probably both. How do you spell your name? Thanks. So what are your favourite characteristics? Mm. Excellent. Shall we just go around the table? Mm. Might be nice to have them all up there at same time. Em Mm 'kay. Mm 'kay? I'm Rose and I'm Project Manager, from California. Um. Hmm. S Um it's actually a coyote. Let's see. Let's see, let's give it a little bit of a snout, I don't know, some teeth. Yeah. Oh dear. Yes. I live um I live right across the street from an open space in California. We have coyotes howl all the time. So I really enjoy their their singing, you they're really beautiful animals. Mm. Okay um, moving on to slightly more serious stuff. We're gonna talk about project finances. Um we have a couple we'd like to sell it for about twenty five Euro with the profit aim of um fifteen million Euro um from our sales and because this is such this is for television it's a we have a market range of Internet, like it's an international market range, we don't have to worry about specifics. Um in order to make a profit of this magnitude, we need to um be able to produce each one at a maximum of twelve fifty Euro. So we're selling it for twice what we'd like to produce it for. Okay um, just to generate a little bit of discussion about the project um, I could I'd like to hear about your experiences using ro remote controls, um your first ideas about um creating a new r remote control, what would be the best um like you what are the features that you really like what are the features that you don't like, etcetera, so Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Um I would imagine all of them, but we could but it's possible we could use like a lithium battery um that would last a lot longer than like double A_s. Um like tho those are the batteries that are used in a lot of um M_P_ three players now and that kind of thing. Um. Um. Okay, it seems we have a little bit of a conflict over um to uh combining all the remotes cont together versus having f five different remotes. So um like you said you don't like having all the buttons on one on one remote, and yet you don't wanna have five remotes. So how do we work with that? Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Okay, so maybe have like one remote that has the main functions on, off, channel changing, volume, and another rote remote with all the special things. Because that is one thing that um remotes tend to have buttons that the T_V_s no longer have as well. So like you have to have them somewhere, 'cause you're gonna m need those special functions occasionally. Um but not necessarily on the m the normal remote. Good question. I don't know that yet. It's a good question. Um. I'll look into that. If I can. Mm. Mm. Okay. 'Kay sounds like we've had a good little discussion for our first ideas. Mind if we move on? Ps mm okay. Um now our next meeting starts in thirty minutes. I believe we've actually been only working on this this one for about twenty, so we can continue discussing more new ideas if you'd like um, but this is just a breakdown of what we'll be doing individually. Um the industrial design, Alima will be doing um the working design. Um the User Interface Designer, that's for. Technical functions, I guess like keeping in mind the buttons thing, the size of the buttons. Um user requirements um, so you'll be hearing about different trends, uh about different things that people need, um I guess kind of the same uh discussion that we've been having, we'll get from the actual consum s consumers. Mm 'kay um. And you will get specific instructions sent by your personal coach. I realised in this past one we we didn't have much, we just wanted to get a little brain-storming done. Um so very exited to see all your animals and how what wonderful um artists we all are um. Any questions? I haven't gotten an agenda yet, um I'll put that together. I'm sure as we'll each get our own instruction and then um because what we gonna do is first our individual actions and then we'll come back together. So I'm sure we'll all have more concrete things to contribute next time Mm 'kay um I'll type up mi minutes and probably email those out to all of you. Um just including all the things that we talked about. Um. Yes, I yes, I think I can. Mm-hmm. I'll just attach it to an email. And you're you're number two, three, four? Is that correct? Okay. Excellent. It was lovely meeting you all. Just make sure you keep checking the company web site and the emails. Let me see if I can do that right now. Mm 'kay.
";The project manager opened the meeting and introduced herself to the team. The project manager introduced the upcoming project in which the team is to create a remote control. The team members participated in a tool training exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal on the white-board and discussed why they liked the animal. The project manager then talked about the project finances and discussed selling prices, profit aim, market range, and production costs. The project manager then led the team in a discussion on their experiences with remotes and what features they would like to include in the remote they are producing. The team members discussed the option of combining remotes and how to produce a remote which is capable of controlling multiple devices. 
"Good to see you all again. Let's see if that comes up. This is our functional design meeting. Um. Just a sec while my PowerPoint comes up. Et voila. Okay. Mm um we put the fashion in electronics. Let's start. Okay, our agenda today um just check the time, it's twelve thirteen. Um. I'm gonna do an opening, talk about um did you all get the minutes? I e-mailed them to you. I'm also putting 'em them in the shared folder. So um then I we'll talk about our general objectives and have your three presentations. Um I'll talk about the new project requirements I've just received, and then we have to make a decision on our remote control functions. Finally we'll just close. We're starting this meeting at approximately twelve thirteen and we have forty minutes. So First of all the functional design objectives. Uh we need to keep in mind the user requirement specification, what needs and desires are to be fulfilled, the functions design, what effects the apparatus should have, and the working design, how the apparatus actually works to fulfil its function. Okay, three presentations, um you can go in any order you choose um. Sure, please do. Yes I do. Yeah. Function, F_ eight, yeah. The blue one, F_N_. Is it plugged in all the way and you screwed it in and Mm 'kay. It's taking it a little bit 'Kay there you go. Press the little presentation. It's the um it looks like a Y_ kind of over there above Draw. There, that one, there you go. Thank you very much. That was that was great. Um 's move on to the next presentation um on effects. Was that you? Great. Push. User interface, right. Interface. Mm 'kay, thank you. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm 'kay. Thank you very much. That was very useful. It's funny to see the drastic difference between those two remotes. Um. And neither of them were very pretty, you know? Mm. Mm. You there it is. Lovely. Hmm. Um the it's right above Draw. There are three thingy if it's way at the bottom. Under three icons and it's the one that looks like a desk. Yeah, that one. There are Y_s. You just press yeah, just click. That'll be fine. Um yeah use that thing you can go back, previous. Pardon. Oh, well. Okay. Ye Double click on it. With the right with the left hand one. There we are. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Excellent. So, um. Yes, absolutely. Ah I can never tell which way to turn these things. Lefty loosey, righty tighty, right? Lefty loosey, righty tighty. Oh yes. Mm 'kay. Um I have nothing on my screen. Just a sec. Here we are. Okay, yeah, it's fine. Okay, requirements. We have a couple new requirements that I was just e-mailed right before the meeting and that we have to keep in in um in mind as we're creating this. We didn't bring it up yet, or at all in the meetings so far, but we're not gonna work with teletext because um well it that's been taken over by the internet, so we're not gonna worry about um we're not gonna worry about that. Um. It no. W d could would you care to explain it? How? Okay. Interesting. Okay um, well, we're not gonna the management has decided we're not gonna work with that. Um Okay um and we're also gonna w like your question earlier um whether this is going to be t for television, video, or etcetera. Just for television. That's what we're focused on. Um otherwise becomes to complex, we wanna get this out um very quickly. We only have a a short amount of time. Um and finally there's more marketing, I think, um, our corporate image has to be recognisable. So while we're gonna make it look pretty we need to use our colour and our slogan i in the new design. Looks like, yeah, kind of a yellow and black and we have that the emphasis on the R_s in um mm-hmm. But it's, yeah, we put the um fashion in electronics. So we gotta keep that in that in mind. Yep. Yep. Yeah, or ha maybe some buttons could be yellow. Like, we can we can play around with it a little bit. Um. Okay, we need to talk about our functions and our target group. We need to decide who our target group is. You um in your analysis of different market um of the marketing, you identified that different groups wanted different things or had certain preferences, for example that um that older people didn't really care for um voice recognition, but younger people did. Um and so who are we aiming this at? Mm-hmm. It's gonna be twenty five Euro remember, so um it has to be avai marketable to um whomever it is. Well at least right now what we're doing is um deciding on just the remote itself, so it will probably be sold separately, twenty five Euro by itself. Now, those are that's all specific for speech recognition. Are we gonna use that as one of our functions? Mm-hmm. Mm. To produce it, yes. Mm. That's a good thing to keep in mind. Upgrade? Well, we can look for we can look at upgrade or we can look at um user-friendly. Simplification, so Uh-huh, mm. And we also need to talk about if we're only gonna have the very simple ones or also have the other ones just separate somehow or Kind of pull out of the side. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um we have to be careful that that that doesn't impede um the chip transmitting information, but um that's gonna be mostly technological thing. Um. Okay um, so what are we emphasising? I what in this project? Simplicity and fashion. Okay, those are very good goals, I think, um that we have to keep in mind in with everything we do. Simplicity and fashion and, yeah, or usability speci however you wanna say that, which includes um an emphasis on making the infra-red very functional, so that you don't have to travel around a lot. Um. I think it's a lot to do with battery, but that's just my Mm-hmm. So our target group, we're saying, fifteen to thirty five? S voice recognition, which I kind of I kind of feel like voice recognition is not necessary in a remote control, like it might be necessary for a T_V_ but not for the remote c, you know. Seems a little bit Mm-hmm. Yeah, and it might be too expensive. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Under sixty five, okay, that's a good start. Um. I'd say we're uh can we narrow it down to maybe um teenagers and families? 'Cause that would go up to like fifty? Okay, single It's it's hard to narrow it down. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So maybe it's more useful to d d to define objectives like fashion and simplicity than to find specific target group as far as age is because, yeah, things so different will appeal to different people, but Okay. Um oh, there're a couple functions do we want something so that do we want some kind of thing to find it if it's lost? Like a button on a T_V_ you can press and it'll ring or something, I don't know like or beep? Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, we have to we have about four minutes left to define our functions. So let's do that quickly. Um so we want something to keep it from getting lost. And we want um we want large buttons for the essential things. Large, accessible buttons for the essentials. We want a possibility to um to get um a possibility to get the extra functions. Mm-hmm. Um, yeah, hidden way. And we also want it to be fashionable, which I'm not sure if that's a function so much as a um yeah Mm-hmm. Okay, do it. Any other essential functions that we need? Battery? Do we need a long-life battery? But we might as well. Yeah, I would imagine. Just 'cause it is an electronic device, the Charging. Mm-hmm. We have to think about um space in living-rooms, too, like 'cause they're I mean, would you put it on top of the T_V_? I don't know, just think okay, that's that's a good idea, we'll keep it. Think it's And maybe fun. Okay. Um 'kay we're gonna conclude now, has everyone said their functions and 'kay. Um after the meeting we're gonna each complete a sks um a questionnaire and a summaries summary. I don't know what summarisation. Um and then we'll have our lunch break. After that we have thirty minutes of individual work. Um I'll make sure to put up um the minutes and the project documentation and including these PowerPoint slides. If everyone could do that as well, that'd be great. Um you each have individual actions, I_ um I_D_ Industrial Design you've your components concept, User Interface, the user interface concept, market trend wa watching. And as as per last time you'll get specific incrat instructions from your personal coach e-mailed to you. And hopefully, I hope, next time you'll be able to access more of the web site that they they seem to tell you that you could. It's kinda frustrating, but um Be sure to note any frustrations or any um issues that come up in your um in your um summary. Mm 'kay? Great seeing y'all. Looks like there are um looks like there's a second one kind of of mine that's that I didn't do, it's from like an earlier project, I think so um Under the shared folder, I don't know it might not even be under yours as well. Projects. Okay. You don't have mine? S Mm. Okay. Well I'll figure that out in the meantime. Okay.
Yep. Well there's a wee a wee plug just just that one there Ah that's it, yep. And then you have to press function F_ eight I think it is on your laptop. That's it. Repetitive strain injury. Repetitive strain injury. So if you Cheers. Here we go. Right so I'm gonna talk about the technical technical functions design of the remote control um. We need to start by considering what a remote control actually is. It's a device that allows us to produce certain effects on our television, so i it's basically a communication device. We we tell the remote control what we want to do, it sends a message to the television saying change the channel, change the volume, uh yeah, adjust these settings, adjust the brightness. Um how do we actually go about designing a new television remote control? First thing to do is to come up with the design specifications. We need to know what our final product is gonna be like, so we need a a clear idea of exactly what this product does, uh how it works, and what the end-user is gonna want from this product. Um. Oh, a way I'd suggest that we could go about this is by designing uh several different prototypes of user interfaces for this product, um and then uh trying to get some feedback uh about h how well these particular prototypes work, uh sorta find out what people think of 'em. Um using a remote control is is quite a subjective experience. Um, and different different people sort of prefer different things. Um we should remember that remote controls are a a fairly standard piece of equipment. When a users using a remote control, he or she expects the buttons to be in certain places. So in some sense we're gonna we're gonna have to aim for a device which is fairly conventional in design uh so that we're not completely shocking people. But I think within that there is also room for us to introduce novel ideas uh and to make something that's that's perhaps a little bit different, something that stands out. Um also in in designing the user interface we need to consider practicalities. Uh the first of these is is technological ye uh what can we do with the current state of technology as it is. The second is is economic, uh we need to find a balance between features and price. So as you mentioned things like voice recognition would would add to the price uh but it would also im improve the design of the product. So I had a look on the on the web uh to see if I could find a few examples of existing television remote controls. In analysing these we can consider what what things what's good about them, uh what things do they get right, what's bad about them, what's wrong with 'em, um how we can improve on the designs that that that I found and what can we do to make our product stand out from from the large majority of remote controls. Here's two examples uh probably at the extreme ends of the spectrum. Um on the left here we've got uh an engineering-based design for a remote control, so it's one that's got lots of buttons, it's it's fully featured, everything you might possibly want to do is there, you know, it's got forward, backwards, up, down, channel numbers, volume, uh freeze frame. Yeah, it's it's fully featured and it might take a while to get to learn to use it, but once you've learned it you can you can do whatever you want with your T_V_. The one on the right is a lot more basic. It's just got the essential functions of the T_V_ changing the channel, play, stop, volume. It would be a lot quicker to learn to use it, but again th it's it's swings and roundabouts. There are disadvantages, you can't use it say to to freeze the television picture. Uh there's a lot of features that are missing from that remote control. So we've got to to find our find a way of striking a balance between the two. Um as I said before, remote controls are subjective, different people want want different things. Um personally wa what I want from a remote control is a device that's simple, it it's easy to use, uh it's got big buttons for doing the things I do most often, changing the volume, changing the channel. It it does everything that I need it to uh, as I said before, I'm quite lazy, I don't wanna walk across the room just to adjust my television. I also want something that that looks cool, um and that that feels good, that's ergonomically designed. I think there's there's certainly a market for technology that looks cool. And I think that's that's why companies like Apple've 've 've made a lot of progress. Uh that was just on the d on the company web site, yeah. What's up? Lefty loosey. Uh. Never heard that before, that's good. I'll think of that every time now. You don't have it in the States? Oh, I didn't realise. Um yeah, it's like a I suppose it's kind of similar to a very very basic web browser. Um you have like you have uh numbers on your remote control, uh y and you type in the page number you want, so like you type a hundred on your remote control and this this kind of index appears on the television screen with just some some text and some very blocky looking graphics on it. And you just type numbers to go to different pages and it gives you information, mostly rather boring stuff like what's on T_V_ next and share prices and that kind of thing. Yep, news headlines. It's earl it's pretty old technology. It's like nineteen eighties. Right. So what's our corporate image like? It's It's kind of yellow colour with uh we put fashion in electronics. It's like double R_. Yeah. Is it is it something that's gonna be sold separately from the television or is it something that comes w with a television? 'Cause that would affect the way that we market it. Right. Right, okay. Yeah. Um. I I would say no, because it's gonna add too much to the price. Especially if we are marketing it as a separate product, people are gonna be paying uh, well, uh we've got a price limit of was it twelve twelve and a half Euros for to produce it? And I wonder if we can get voice recognition into that twelve and a half Euros without having to make too many other compromises. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The remote There are remote controls like that, yeah. Like some T_V_s they have a sort of uh a sliding screen on the remote control of it that hides all the complicated buttons. So if you wanna do something complicated like programme your television or re-tune it, then you you open up this little hatch or or slide the screen down and there's all the all the special buttons. Yeah. Yeah. I think that's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Si simplicity and fashion. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah, it's pretty it's pretty high-tech. It's for, like, the ultimately lazy people, who can't even be bothered to pick up the remote. Yep. I think the product appeals across a quite a broad range of ages. I mean, we we said simplicity is is one of the features, so it's going to appeal to people, maybe people who have problems with technology, you know, people who get scared by having lots of buttons, and that might be older people, but then we've also got fashion, which is something that definitely appeals to younger people. Yeah. Yeah aim for a an income group. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Which are kind of hidden away in some way or well not hidden but they're uh they're not as prominent as the main features. We should maybe investigate whether it needs a battery at all. I suspect the remote control does need a battery, but I dunno if you can Yeah. Yeah, without the energy, yeah. Yeah, that's that's possible. Yeah. Yeah. Yep.
Mm shall we go in the order that you just did it? I dunno. How do I hook my screen up? Where does it go? Mm-hmm. Hmm, I'm not supposed to move this, but Where's function? No signal. Ah, wait, 's screw in. Push the screw. Mm alright I've never attached to anything. Alright, so, I don't know if you guys are able to get access to um the report that was online or if I'm the only one who is. But, I don't even know how to play this. No. Alright. So we're just gonna talk a little bit about the functional requirements that people specified when they were asked. Um I guess Real Reaction did some market research. They had a hundred subjects and their usability lab and they watched them watch T_V_ and recorded the frequency that they used particular buttons and the relevance that those buttons had. What they found was they analysed people's desires and needs. Focusing on their desires, um people specifically said that they thought remotes were ugly, seventy five per cent of the a hundred subjects noted that and that they more importantly though, eighty per cent said that they would be willing to pay more for a fancier looking remote. I don't know anything beyond what fancy means, but that's particularly of use to us, I think. Um also they did some questions on voice recognition and found that the desire for voice recognition was inversely related to age, so younger people were more inclined to want something with voice recognition, whereas the older people in the like sixty and above segment or so did not really think that they would pay more money for voice recognitions. Um people also had certain frustrations, that I think that we could try to take into consideration with our design. That being people k um frustrated with losing their remotes. I think, over fifty percent of the people mentioned that that was their biggest frustration. People are also frustrated with the difficulty it is to learn how to use a remote and I think that ties back to what you were saying before just that there's too many buttons, it just needs to be easy to use. It also mentioned something called R_S_I_ and I was hoping someone might be able to inform me as to what R_S_I_ is, because I don't know. What? Ah. There we go. Wow. People do not like that. So I guess sort of the carpal tunnel type thing, people do not like that, um the repetitive use, I guess, caused a strain. Um looking at the needs people specified, the problem right now is that people's remotes are not matching their operating behaviour. People are only using ten per cent of the buttons that they have offered to them on their remote. And what people do most often is changing the channel and changing the volume. People also zap like to change the channel, about um sixty five per cent during an hour of use. So we really just need to focus in on those volumes and channel changers rather than things like the audio settings, the screen settings and the channel settings, because they're used much more infrequently and probably just complicate what's going on. So I think that some things that we might wanna think about, the idea of an L_C_D_ screen was brought up although they didn't have any details on what people's preferences on that were, so I dunno know if that's coming to me later, or something like that. But something for us to consider also just the phenomenon that less is more when it comes to the buttons on the remote or what we wanna make easiest to use, make sure that, you know, something like an audio setting isn't given as much importance and visibility on the remote as something like channel changing that's used a lot more often. And basically in order for us to win over to the consumer we just need to focus on what it looks like, that it has a fancy appeal and that it's not ugly and that it feels like the way they're gonna use it, so it doesn't give them any hand injuries or things like that. Hmm. Yeah, have I unscrewed it? Here we go. Mm-hmm. And I think that's in the shared, if I did it right, if anyone wants to look at it. No. A fashion fashion remote. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So wait, did it let you go on the Internet or was that just what it let you see? Okay. 'Cause I was like googling and then I'm like wait it won't let me google. Yeah, that's a good one it'll stick with you. What's teletext? Oh. Oh, so Mm-hmm. Oh. That explains a lot. That's good. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I do think, who's gonna have the money to buy that also, that one? The only break-down that I was given in terms of age was the voice activation and basically there's a big jump, after thirty five people don't really care if it has voice, so it's like basically fifteen to thirty five that think that that's a good idea. I dunno I'm gonna be given any other numbers broken down in terms of age later, but if that's sort of the only quality that we have that is divided into age then we would wanna stick between the fifteen and thirty five range. But what else are we gonna put, I mean not that I'm really gung-ho about it, I don't know what else you can put in a remote to make it technologically advanced though. So like other than just making it look good, how is it I mean it can look really great and still have the same up-n-down buttons and why's anyone gonna buy a new remote? Mm-hmm. If someone's looking to buy a new remote, don't they want like an upgrade? I dunno. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Can you like I mean this may be too complicated, but, I wish I had something to explain it, like if it was just a simple, either this way or this way, that had like the main buttons and then you could like pull something out, kind of and like you got the rest the buttons, but the rest of them like went in. Do you know what I'm saying? Mm-hmm. 'Cause then 's like people who don't wanna ever look at them, never even have to see them and if you like get the instruction manual that comes with it and you just don't even read it then you'll never even know that those things can pull out. And you're a happy person and everyone else doesn't have to have like two remotes, one that has the easy ones and one that has more complicated ones, but 's all still in one. Yeah. I think simplicity, fashion. Mm-hmm. What can you do to like make the infra-red more functional, like why would it not be? I'm just wondering. Okay. So 's just the quality of the chip. Okay. Well, I dunno how useful that number is if we're not doing Yeah. Yeah. I don't. And if the whole idea is you're using a remote then why would you have voice, like you know what I mean and then it's like you wouldn't need a remote you'd just talk to your T_V_. Mm yeah. Maybe I mean if I get m more numbers, I'll e-mail you before the next meeting in terms of ages. But this doesn't divide up anything and there was only a hundred subjects also, which isn't, I mean, really isn't that representative, especially if it's a hundred subjects that th they then can subdivide into age groups that means there's very few in each age group, so Twenty to like fifty five. I dunno. Well maybe we don't have to defi define the target group by the demographic of age, maybe we can define it by like the demographic of like h t how much money they have to spend or something like that, like, well obviously it has to be someone who owns a television, and like how recently have they bought their television like that sort of thing. Yeah. H I mean, like I said before, fifty per cent of of the fru f like frustration someone can have that was the biggest one and half the people said that happened and we all mentioned it before we knew about it. And if we're talking about making something easy that sort of goes along with it so it wouldn't be like a random thing to sort of add in. It would be relevant to like the overall goal I think, so Hmm. on your coffee table, it's not like an eye sore, that kind of thing. Yeah. So you never have to change the battery. Mm. It's good. Did you um were you able to like put yours in the group folder? Okay. Yep. Where is that? Yours is I only have three, I just have like our three. Yeah. No, but that's 'cause I think yours is in the e-mail separate, like it's not on the server. But if I open it and then save it, probably will be there. Oh wait, never mind you can't save it to the Okay.
Right. I think, you might have to disconnect Rose. Yeah. I I think you just have to push it in really hard. Oh, got it. Mm, neither have I. Alright. Hmm. 'Kay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm 'kay. Okay, great. Hmm. Yeah. I think that could be our selling point. Right. Hmm. Right, I really can't see what I'm doing, so does anyone have a Ah-ha, look at that, showing up already. Yeah. Alright um No, how do I play again? Ah. Okay. So this is our working design presentation. Um I had a bit of some issues with this, because I wasn't able to find everything I needed, but I guess that's we're still in early stages. Um so, yeah, this is this. Though th the thing about working design is the what we're trying to do as a working design is figure out how the aparata apparatus can fulfil its function. Um one of the examples that kept coming up for me is that a coffee grinder. It works because it converts electrical energy to grinding the beans and then you put the bean through a filter and that filters out, and then you get coffee at the end that's nice and hot because of the combination of electrical energy and then the other things that are brought in to make it work. Don't know if I'm explaining that very well, but how do I get to the next s ah. So h the method as um working designers figure out what you need to make it fulfil this practical function, what what needs to be done and how do we convert all the elements to make that done. So wha the easiest thing to do is to break down all the points at which you need something to happen. So you make a schematic of the way that the the energy is converted tsh towards this practical function. And then I think the easiest thing to do is gonna be work on each task separately. So um Uh. Uh. So the findings that I got uh very just very briefly is that you have a choice of the way that the information is projected to the receiver and in my opinion infra-red is the best way to do that 'cause you don't need a sight line. So that's one thing we're gonna work on. Um the user interface is critical here, because a lot of the things that happen in a remote control happen through the chip that controls that converts the electrical energy into data, which then goes through the infra-red, so the the chip that uh I think Ian is designing, is gonna be crucial. And really it all comes down to the to the user, because they're the one that's controlling most of the working design. So the components that we find here are the energy source, you know the battery or whatever that's gonna m make it work, then the chip, which converts the data, the user that's controlling the chip, and the infra-red bulb that's gonna let us move the data to the receiver. So you have four main components and they are designed sort of like this. You have your energy source right there which then um brings uh energy or information to the chip, which is also controlled by the users. You have energy going to the user who's controlling the chip ooh 's not what I wanted to do uh uh. Previous. Sorry about that, guys. Oh. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, let's just get back to my schematic here. W yeah, yeah. I think it's frozen. Here. Don't show me that tip again. There we are. Sorry about this, guys. I'm kind of pathetic with things like this. Um alright. So you have your energy source, your user interface who's controlling the chip, the chip also uses the energy, and the chip through the use of the user interface is gonna control the switch which will work your infra-red bulb, which will then bring the data to the receiver. So hopefully that makes sense for everyone in my kind of garbled way. This is the the parts of the working design that need to be figured out. And personal preferences, besides the fact that I can't spell, we need a long-lasting energy source, people don't wanna be changing it a lot. We need a chip that works well with the user interface, that isn't too complicated. We need a straightforward interface, like Ian was saying, simple, not overwhelming it with information and we need a reliable and clear infra-red signal, so that you're not waving your remote around and having to get frustrated and go do it by hands. So that's pretty much it for the working design. Rose, do you think you can give me a hand with this? Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna stick in your head. Mm. Ooh, no signal. Okay. Uh, it's a British thing. No. S Lottery numbers and sport scores. But if you ever see the T_V_ saying like go to page one sixty on Ceefax now, that's what they're talking about. I have no idea why we don't have it, but 'Kay. Mm. Okay, so we want something that looks good and is yellow. Okay. Well if we're gonna say that function um fashion we put the fashion in in electronics then you automatically, I think, a sort of younger group that that's who's gonna be attracted to this. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's probably uh a population w quite a little bit of disposable income for use on technology anyway, so that might be a fairly good target group for us. Mm. To produce it, yeah. Hmm. But right. Well but why are we why are we aiming for a technological advancement? Everything we're talking about is ease of use and simple and that doesn't necessarily mean more technology, in fact it could use it could mean, not. If they might be overwhelmed with with remotes that have too many buttons and too much technology. Yeah, simplification. They could have a crap remote that came with their T_V_ that's just impossible to use, or maybe it broke, or maybe they're just missing it. Hmm. Ooh. Ooh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's a good idea. Mm. Good point. Yeah. Yeah mm. The battery and that I think that the chip takes the data and presents it well, without sort of scattering. Yeah. I think so. The quality uh quality of all the components really, I mean, we can't really do anything shoddy work, 'cause it's gonna be visible down the line. Mm-mm. Yeah. Ooh. Yeah. I Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I th I think regardless we're we're aiming for the under sixty five or something. Or like single professionals or something. Yeah. It's really hard to figure out right now. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, t probably. Mm. Mm. Yeah, that'll probably be good. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Battery battery use. Yeah, but I think that goes in with simplicity and ease of use really. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. It I think it does. I don't I don't think of a way you can operate a chip and convert that much data without without one. But you could maybe have it in a little charging station like a mobile phone, or like a little cradle for your iPod. You could we could maybe do that instead. So you don't ha you got like a rechargeable battery. I dunno, that might contribute to less people losing it too if it it stays in one place. Mm. Yeah. That's just off the top of my head. Yeah, who knows. Okay Sounds good. Yes, I just did that. Hopefully it is there for people. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. Technical. So in there we have technical functions presentation, working design presentation and the functional requirements. At least that's what I have in. Yeah, that's what I have as well, R Rose So. Yeah. Okay.
";The project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda. The marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of the appearance and use of remotes, finding that users wanted fancier looking remotes, disliked losing their remotes, wanted remotes with fewer buttons, frequently use the channel changing and volume buttons, and that younger users wanted speech recognition. The user interface designer described how a remote works and how to go about designing one. He presented two remotes currently on the market and the advantages and disadvantages to each design. The industrial designer described the interior workings of a remote. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion about their target group, the option to include speech recognition, how to find a remote when lost, and batteries. 
"Yep. Uh-huh. Don't think so. Jess. Alright, so I'm gonna describe the the concept of the user interface of this des device. Um we've talked about uh the two essential properties of the user interface. We want it to be simple and we want it to be fashionable. Um other we've also got to remember that this is a device that serves as a useful purpose. Uh we want people to be able to use it s as a remote control, so we need to determine what the essential functions of the d of the device are and make sure that we include that we've included all of those and that we actually end up with a device that is going to be useful to people. We have a number of different choices for a design concept um and s that's that's something that that I'll show you some examples of um, but essentially we need to choose how how is this device going to work, how how what kind of model is there going to be for user interaction with this device. Uh once we've chosen a a concept for it, we can then design the features around the concept, making sure that we get all the essential functions in the device and uh the extra functions and the more advanced features. And of course we also have to make it look cool. So basically, that's what we don't want. M we don't want lots of buttons, uh complicated features. We want something that looks nice and simple. Here's a a fairly simple device. This is an an iPod from Apple. Um I think the main thing to notice about it is it just has four buttons. It's very minimalistic in its design. Uh you use these four buttons to m to move around a range of settings on the small L_C_D_ screen. Um the thing I like about this is that it's very very quick to access the main features. Uh you can just about make out uh that the button three buttons are uh previous track, next track and play pause. They're the main the main features of the iPod, the things you will use a all the time. Um then if you want to do anything more advanced, you go into the little menu on the L_C_D_ screen and you use the buttons just to scroll around and and find the more advanced features that you want. So I think that's that's a good a good kind of model that we could have. Um here's a another example. This is uh it's an interesting idea and I think i it looks pretty cool. Um it's certainly got novelty value. Uh it's nice and colourful, it's nice and bright. Uh it's also something that you can kind of feel your way around. The buttons are are different shapes and and you can sort of yeah if you're watching T_V_ in the dark or whatever, you can work out which button's which and basically, yeah it's ith it's fun. So I I like I like this idea of just having buttons for the features that you use most often. So you'd need a few buttons to select your favourite channels. I mean most people, when they watch T_V_, they have two hundred and fifty channels on their T_V_ and they watch of 'bout four of them at the most. So, you have buttons for your favourite channel, changing the volume, which is something you do all the time when you're watching T_V_, and the button to switch it off, in case you get bored. Um other features, things like adjusting the brightness, tuning the T_V_, uh I don't know what else you do with a T_V_. Um but these are these are all necessary functions. Uh you can't have a t there's no point having a television that you can't tune or that you can't set the contrast, so we need to find a way of including these somehow. Um and one other suggestions I'd make is to in is to include in a menu system, a bit like on the iPod. So we'd either have a small L_C_D_ display on the device itself, or uh have a dis a menu display that comes up on your television and can b be controlled through the device. And that would allow you to access access the advanced features uh whilst keeping a very small and simple set of buttons for the features that you use most often. I think that's that's one way to go, yes. Um I mean there are there are advantages and disadvantages if you if you have an L_C_D_ display, it's it's nice, because it's it it lets you just sort of sit there and st and control your television from your armchair. There are disadvantages, an an L_C_D_ display would have to be quite small, 'cause we're we're I well we're I assume we're gonna be making quite a small device. Um it would also have to have uh a kind of backlighting in it, 'cause you ten you tend to watch T_V_ in the dark, but you need to be able to see your L_D_D_ L_C_D_ display. The alternative is to have a an on-screen display on your television that you control through your remote control. Uh a bit like a bit like how they have these um digital boxes where you you press the buttons and it comes up with your this thing of watch lo what's on each channel. I mean that that's also a good idea. It's it can it does have it's problems as well, if you've got a small T_V_ and you're sitting on the other side of a room, it's hard to read the little text that comes up. Uh but that's a that's a design decision that we can make. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that that would be one of the features, yes. But it's it's it's something to bear in mind is that if we put a display on the remote control the c uh communication is one way, so you can't have the televisions and information back to the remote control, at least I don't think you can. Um I'm not sure. Is that going on? Okay. Uh that should be alright, actually. A kind of thing that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I Is it supposed to be shaped like a vegetable? Uh like uh I dunno, like uh carrots or something. Maybe, or Kind of like a potato. Yeah. Depends. When you when you use a remote, do you press the buttons with your thumb, usually? Or your fingers? Or maybe you want something that's shaped like a mobile phone, so you you hold it in one hand, and you press the buttons with your thumb. Yeah. Maybe. But if you've only got like four or five buttons anyway, then it's it's not so much a problem, perhaps. So you hold it in one hand and you press you press the buttons with your thumb and And you find that works quite well? Is that The button on an iPod, is it what is it, is it just four buttons or is it li more like a scroll thing? Right. Oh, I see, right, yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, that's quite a good design. Yeah. I think it could be difficult in practice, yeah. Also z yeah, 'cause you would be z looking down at the L_C_D_ screen, than back up at your T_V_ and people don't wanna do that. Like, to make it different fruits. Yeah, it's possible. I think maybe th the packaging, it should be like a lemon and the the packaging is like the peel. So instead of opening the box you just kind of peel it, and the remote control's inside. Don't know. Yeah, um I think it's good, as as long as we consider the the cost and the uh how reliable it is, but as far as I know, the technology is good. Al all circuit boards are pretty much the same, I think. Uh it's fairly fairly standard. Um I don't think we ne really need the scroll whe wheel. I mean it might be nice for changing the volume. Uh but I don't think it would really work. Yeah, you really need buttons for changing a channel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think yeah, I think a scroll wheel would be nice, but it's not necessary. Um Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yep. Um And I think if we wanna keep our costs down, we should just go for pushbuttons, 'cause then we can have a a simple chip and it's simpler, it's it's cheaper to make pushbuttons than it is a scroll button. So in terms of uh in terms of uh economics it's probably better to have pushbuttons. Yeah, yeah, it's uh it's it's fairly simple. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Yep. Uh what do you mean by supplements, exactly? Um Yep. Yeah. Um in Yeah. On off, uh volume, favourite channels, uh and menu. Yeah, yeah about yeah like yeah, a bit like radio presets. Um Uh we wouldn't even need the numbers. I think maybe numbers seems is kind of old-fashioned. Yeah, yeah, you can just and you need some kind of, I dunno, sort of up down kind of button, but the volume control could double for that, for example. Cool. Yep. Clay. I wasn't expecting that.
Fourteen twenty six. Is double-curved like would be like two hands kind of thing? Okay. 'Cause I'm imagining like double-curved is like, you know, like two sides that curve and then like one curve would just be like a single vertical-ish kind of looking thing, but I've no idea. Sounds good. Thanks. Wait, but is that separate from what he was saying? Should I plug that in? Maybe it's just not Is it on? Ri What F_ do you have to press, five? I just keep pressing lots of 'em. Well, I don't know how relevant all of this gonna be. If anything, the that they gave me. Alright. Oh yeah. Okay, so we're gonna look a little bit at trend watching. Basically, I was given um an executive summary that was a market investigation on remote controls that was recently conducted, and then also some fashion watchers in Paris and Milan commented on some things that are gonna be going on this year. So first um they had people they ranked um the important aspects of r remote controls, and right now i d they're saying that currently there's a functional look and feel preference, but that really, over the next year it it that's gonna be switching to fancy look and feel remotes, so that just goes back to the whole desire of our c Real Reaction company wanting to focus on fashion and so, even though we're stressing, when we're talking, we've all been talking about this like simplicity and easy to use idea, they're sort of wanting us to remember that the number one thing for everyone is that it's fancy look and feel. And as these are ranked, the top one is doubly important to the second one, which is doubly important to the third one, so just to take that weight into account. The second thing that was mentioned as important was the technological innovations. That would be like if we use something like the space material or the L_C_D_ screen, things like that. And then ease of use was the third most important, whi so really, no matter what, we need to focus the most on fancy look and feel, according to this. I don't know how much we agree with that. And then the fashion watch talks about that this year's top trend for clothes, shoes and furniture is fruits and vegetables and tha that there's a preference for spongy, tight material. And so that brings us to my personal preferences. Who wants a spongy remote or one with fruit and vegetable padding. Personally, I don't really think that I want one that's gonna go out of style or go stale, excuse the pun, um in a year, so even though this is coming from us as, you know, trend watch, market research, I don't know how much of it we necessarily wanna take away. Also, considering that the d research b has been carried out by Real Reaction, I'm a little hesitant as to like, how these questions may have been worded, and if necessarily this whole fashion to technology y edas ease of use is necessarily the right ranking. Personally, like I might reverse it, but if we're working for this company then I guess no matter what, we have to stress fashion the most. But it doesn't necessarily need to be a spongy material. Yeah. I don't have a lot of notes to share if you want them, that pretty much sums it up. So yeah. Yeah, what can I possibly enlighten on? Mm-hmm. Yeah, so something, m m instead of a necess yeah, grip, I'm thinking grip more than like sinking into your hands, you know, i and I think I'm envisioning more like, you know, the material that you have when you sit on like a bicycle, so that it doesn't hurt when you're sitting down for a long time, like I'm imagining that sort of thing, I don't know what th that material's called. Oh God. What about the idea of like a round remote? Instead of like a vertical up and down one. Like in terms of holding it. Like that's a f shape of a fruit. Just to tie it in a little. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause otherwise your fingers can't move around. But I like i I love the idea of the wheel like the iPod. 'Cause th It's like five, 'cause there's one in the middle. I think why it would be good for us is 'cause like you could have the same wheel sort of effect for like channel flipping and then the other one could be like for volume. Like just the idea of like those so few buttons for main things, but then how you could go back to the menu and like, I dunno if we would want it on the screen there or on the actual T_V_. I kind of am wanting to say on the T_V_, 'cause if you're changing the brightness, don't you wanna see it happening, kind of? And then you could still have that available. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. If I get any more information of fruits and vegetables, I'll let you know. Well, there we go. The iPod packaging is me like was so that was like half the fun. It's like the way it all comes all cute. Lemons? Yeah, I mean, it would t totally take care of our problem of not wanting to change batteries. Costs. But over time Yeah, it's a But if you c if you could scroll through the channels, and then the volume would just be and the volume would just be like the same way, forward and backward as I'm just thinking like it would make it much like sleeker sort of looking. And otherwise, no matter how may buttons we have, we're gonna have like, you know, black with red sticking out and th no it's gonna inevitably sort of start looking like those group of sort of ugly ones that we saw stacked up. Oh could it be hard, and then something around it? I'm thinking curved of some sort. Yeah. And let's like see if we get anything else. I mean I'm not like hard-sold on the scroll wheel, it's more just to give it a different kind of look, but if it's gonna be in a latex type thing and that's gonna look cool, then that's probably gonna have a bigger impact than the scroll wheel. Like a radio type sorta situation? Wow.
Mm yeah. Okay. That would be me. Alright. Well. Alright. Um I'm very excited by this one actually guys I uh had a lot of fun doing it. Components design. This is where you look at what does it take to make a remote control and what should we make our specific remote control out of. Um. So, we need to examine each element separately, but we're designing a full thing, so you wanna keep it integrated as a whole. The main elements of remote controls in general, and therefore ours as well, are the case, the buttons, the circuit board with the chip and the battery. These are all things that we had sort of addressed before, but I'm gonna take each one a little bit separately here as we figure out what they should be made of and what they should look like. The case, uh the options that I've gotten from headquarters about what we can do, um there's there's the shape of a case, we could do a flat sh a flat case, a curved case or maybe even a double double-curved case. I haven't seen any pictures of what this exactly looks like yet, just keep that in mind, but these are the options that we have from manufacturing and we can make our case out of plastic, the m the main base will be plastic, but we have all these sort of fashion and technological elements we can add in, wood, latex, titanium, rubber or other coloured types of plastic. That would be our case. Um buttons, for buttons we have um pushbuttons, which is what Real Reaction uses the most often, but we also have scror scroll wheels, which can have integrated pushbuttons, or we could go all high-tech and have an L_ L_C_D_ screen. Um circuit board and chip we can have a simple one, a regular one or an advanced one, depending on what our other needs are. And then battery I think is where things get most exciting. We're talking about long-life batteries here. Um we can we can have your sort of basic double A_ batteries, but we also have these options of um using a kinetic battery, like are used in high-tech watches, where you just have to move it a little bit to get it to power up. Um so simple movements like pushing buttons would recharge the battery. Or a solar battery, although there are slight um complications with solar batteries as in we can't use a latex case if we have a solar battery. Or um something they only described as the type of battery you find in torches from about fifty years ago, flashlights. Not quite sure what that is, but that's the description that I received, so that's what I'm passing on to you. So those are our options. Um personal preferences that I was thinking through here's what we've been talking about all through, fashion and simplicity. So if we're going for fashion in our cases, I think that what we're gonna wanna look at is a curved or a double-curved case, probably with a variety of design elements. Maybe titanium, maybe some wood. We're gonna have to investigate that better when I get specifics of the actual materials, but that's sort of what I have in mind. And we wanna go for simplicity. Probably pushbuttons, but I'm sort of intrigued by the idea of a scroll scroll wheel, if anyone has anything any ideas on that? I mean I know the iPods and things right now have touch scroll um buttons which are exactly like what they're describing, so that might be something we wanna look into. And I'm really intrigued by the idea of a kinetic battery. Solar I don't think would be such a good idea, because how often are you sure that your remote control will get a certain amount of light. But this idea of the kinetic, that you don't have to replace, and that a simple just shaking it around will make it work, I think that that m would be a very interesting thing. But I think we'd also wanna go for e a simple chip or regular chip to keep our costs down. Uh we really only need a regular or advanced chip t if we're gonna start using an L_C_D_. So I think we want to be aware of not making things overly t technological if they don't need to be, 'cause that'll keep our manufacturing price way down. That's what I have for options. Um I'd appreciate anyone's input, but that's what I'm seeing for the future of the the look of this thing. I'm not sure. I haven't received any specific visuals of this yet. This is what I'm sort of Yeah. I'm not sure, but I'll let you know as soon as I get any pictures. I know if we do have a double-curved case, it can't have any titanium in it. But the titanium, they were quite they're marketing quite hard to us as being used in the space programme, so that could be quite interesting. Space-age remote. Just all things to keep in mind. Yeah. That's about all I have to do, guys. I hope I didn't go through that too quickly. Yeah, n no idea, no idea. Um I'm assuming that a kinetic battery isn't gonna take up that much weight, and that a tita titanium is very light, I know, um but other than that's really basic, I mean, that's all I have gotten so far. Alright? Any other questions? No? Okay. I have save this in the uh shared projects, if anyone wants to look and I have c considerable notes on the topic as well, if anyone needs any more information. Uh Just in my notebook, but if anyone has any specific questions, don't hesitate to email me or something. Alright? Uh I guess I can I know. G oh, geez. Hmm. Hmm. So you'd be advocating an L_C_D_ then? Okay. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Well Are you are you tak Yeah. No, I think I think we're talking menu like contrast and tuning the V_C_R_ or something if I've understood you correctly, rather than menu as what's on. Oh, good point. Yeah. No signal. Oop, there we go. Okay. Mm. That there's all kinds of scope for imagination in that one though. If it's latex if it's latexy Um, mean An uh I if th my understanding of a latex case is that it's in fact hard to protect stuff inside, but that it's covered with the latex, which is spongier and softer on your hands. It's there's something to be said, I mean we we got that thing earlier from you about um not wanting it to R_ R_ repetitive stress injuries and things and and Yeah, something grippable, I mean we don't we don't we don't wanna go spongy, maybe. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think that given the list of materials I w I was forwarded it's that seems doable. could we go in fruit and vegetable colours? We could colour-co-ordinate them, li The buttons could be fruit-shaped. Oh well it's quite easy to s shape thing like carrot isn't it? Or maybe the buttons could be shaped like different fruits. be yeah. It'd be harder to f bu uh buttons I think. It'd be harder to press button. Um I Yeah, that's ts how I tend to do it. No just thumb-sized. Jus Yeah. That's true. Right. I When I'm when I'm pressing buttons on my iPod, that's how I do it, hold it and press the four. Yeah. Yeah, or in and use my thumb or my pointer finger on the touch scroll wheel. Yeah It wel well yeah, it would I mean each version of it has been a little bit different, but Oh yeah, you had one of the in-between ones, when they weren't doing that anymore. Ts and you press the centre button, that's that's your all-purpose select button right there. Since it's the one in the centre that's not marked, yeah. Yeah. Uh uh t Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I think an L_C_D_ screen might be good in theory, but not as useful in practice. Yeah. Right. Um Oh we probably have to get going, don't we? 'Kay. Could Could we uh could we have changeable covers like for your mobile? In different fruit and vegetable colours, yeah. Exactly. And you could co-ordinate with your house or whatever. All these options. Ooh. Oh. Yeah. Mm. Options. Uh-hu oh, oh yes. Right, I had sort of skipped over that hoping it wouldn't get be necessary but um Alright, so um decisions, what the okay deci decisions on energy I'm thinking is based on the battery. Um I dunno, what do people think about this kinetic battery idea? Am I Yeah. Yeah. Right, I haven't gotten any yeah, any more information on cost other than it's more expensive than a regular battery, but um but if we're using a an i a cheaper chip, then it'll even out, I think. Um circuit boards. Um yeah, I got a whole bunch of information on how circuit boards are produced. They're they're thin fibreglass with copper wires etched on to them, and di I think they're quite easily printed on by machine, which is chip on print is where the machine prints on the wires and solders it all together for us. I don't really know what to tell you as far as decisions. I wasn't really given any options, I was just given that this is how they're done. Um yeah, I can't can't really tell you. I can I can tell you a whole lot about how it works. But I don't know any decisions on Yeah. I'm sorry, I did f Yeah. Right. Well okay, here's the here's the thing on the chips that I that I got. Um simple, regular, advanced chip on print. The chip on print includes an infrared sensor, so we don't have to worry about that. Um, 'kay, the pushbutton if we're gonna have pushbuttons, they require a simple chip, but a scroll wheel requires a regular chip, and an L_C_D_ requires advanced. Do we want a scroll wheel, or do we just want pushbuttons? Oh. Yeah, th it'd be it'd be handy for going through if there was an on-screen menu of your channel choices, than you can scroll down on the scroll. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. F or for all those secret functions? When you get on the on-screen menu of all your functions that your remote could do for you without the buttons and you could have a scroll wheel to go through those menus. Right. So we could either go with a simple or a regular chip, depending and maybe we could table that decision for later. I don't know. Okay. Well, let's think about that while we talk about the case. Uh I'm kinda liking the idea of latex, if if spongy is the in thing. Okay. Uh yeah, everything I've N oh wha what I've what I've seen, just not related to this, but of latex cases before, is that there's uh like a hard plastic inside, and it's just covered with the latex. Not too thick a layer of latex, just enough to be grippable, like bike handles or or anything that you've seen like that. The inside is hard. I don't think we need to worry about protecting the circuit board, I think that that's done for us. Yeah. Yeah. Oh and we want a curved case, yeah? Or a double-curved? Yeah, okay. We don't really know what the difference Good point. Yeah. I say pushbuttons at least unless we get any information but I have no idea how much more expensive a scroll wheel is than than a pushbutton, but it's gotta be some more expensive, so I think it might be better to put our money into the stuff like the kinetic battery and the cool case because Yeah. Oh. Alright. So what are what are our buttons gonna be? On off So like one through five, or No. Mm. Yeah, up down. Ooh. Simple chip. Okay, cool. Clay.
Mm-hmm. Okay. I g yeah. Time is it? Okay. Lovely to see you all again. Um it's our conceptual design meeting and it's starting at approximately fourteen twenty five and so we have forty minutes for this one again and so we'll go just after three o'clock. Um okay our agenda, we're gonna do an opening, I'm gonna review the minutes of the last meeting, then we'll have your three presentations um and then we'll have to make a decision on the remote control concepts, and finally we'll close. So opening. Um these are our minutes from r the functional design. We decided our target group is the focus on who can afford it, because we have international appeal and we said it's for all age groups, different um functions of it. Our main objectives were simplicity and fashion. And s um in specific functions are something to keep the remote from getting lost, large buttons for the essential functions, a possibility for extra functions, like a sliding a sliding piece and a long-life battery or a charging station. Okay, now three presentations. I'd like to do it in this order, first do the conceptual specification of components, properties and materials um and then the conceptual specification of user interface and finally trend watching. Mm. 'kay. Function F_ eight it. There we go. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah, I wonder Mm-hmm. Just an interesting marketing kind of element. Uh just a real quick question um the weight of these different elements, have you no idea, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm 'kay. Thank you, perfect. Um if you made notes yourself you can put those on our um underneath our oh, uh in your book, then don't worry about that. 'Kay now we're um concepts concepts of user interface. Yeah, um. This one's so much tighter than the other one. Okay. Nope. There we go. Here you are. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. I do think that um one of the important features for a remote is seeing a menu and seeing what's on. Um and so like favourite channels is is applicable, but I think th that you do need to have some kind of function where it's um you have t you can see the title of the show or possibly a description of it. Like I I know I use that often enough. Well if it if it was a L_ L_C_D_ on th on the remote, I don't know that you could f that you'd be able to see a Okay. Okay. 'Cause that would be more specifically a digital box, mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, now we're moving on to market. Marketing. Eight. Oops, it's not plugged in, quite in well enough. There we are. Mm 'kay. S sweet. Okay, do we have any s some questions for this, let's see um. Um do you have any ideas how to possibly use these? Um how to how to use a fruit or vegetable or um or the spongy material at all? Like could we make a s like could we make a spongy remote? It would be easier on the hands. It's kind of and then it we would have to find a way to protect like the chip and all that, I dunno. But Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. F for sure, or maybe like um couple main ones being like, I dunno, lemons or strawberries or something. Could they be smelly? I don't know. Or carrot shaped, mm. Like large button, that's what I was thinking of, yeah. Might would you think you you do you think you'd be able to hold it? 'Cause I think the reason they're long is yeah. Harder to push. I usually hold it in one hand. Maybe But then the buttons would have to be very small. Don't you think? But I mean in order to get to all of them, you know. They would have to be within a certain amount of space with each other. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's a scroll, yeah, it's a wheel. The one I have doesn't have the four on i like around it, I don't think. Mm. Okay um we have we've about fifteen minutes left, so I'm I'm gonna continue with my pres presentation. Um I've one more slide before we close, but in that slide is when we need to make decisions about this these kinds of things, so I'll just bring that up and show you all before we move on. Um Yeah, and then like the the covers could be spongy latex wherea but the actual model could be titanium. Ah hmm hmm hmm. Okay, um components concept. Energy, chip on print. G That's th th this is the agenda they gave me. So can you just explain what that is real quick? Mm-hmm. I think it's awesome. I think it's really cool. Okay. If they're if they're really options. Okay. Um okay, then we'll move on to the case. Um oh bu I guess maybe if we decided on like a simple, a regular, or an advanced chip, maybe. It would be nice for changing the volume, but I don't know how useful it'd be for changing the channel. 'Cause you don't have control over numbers or We have five minutes left for the meeting, so. So, have a scroll for volume? F Um. I think w well I think when we go on to the une userface, we're gonna have to decide the interface we're gonna have to decide um whether we're gonna have a scroll or not. Okay, let's do case. I'm a little um I'm a little hesitant about it, because I'm worried about protecting the stuff on the inside. Um Yeah, I would be more okay with like a titanium actual thing and then maybe like a mobile phone kind of thing. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ge o Okay. So we uh we do want latex. Okay. Latex. Um and probably in colours, maybe fruity, vegetable colours. Fruity colours. Okay um let's go to the ufe user interface then we'll come back to the chip I suppose. Well, we don't really know what the difference is, right? Yeah. Um okay, interface, the type and the supplements. So push or scroll, right? Or both? Mm-hmm. And if we had a sc an on-screen um kind of thing that you could scroll through, like you can use your buttons to scroll through things. I think that yeah. For channel surfing I think a scroll an actual like an iPod's kind of scroll thing would be too fast, I dunno. Mm-hmm. Is that okay with you? How you feeling? Mm-hmm. It might be cool enough. Okay, so we're gonna go with um type pushbuttons, and then supplements, how are we gonna do that? Um I assume that's what else we're gonna like h ha the um the additional buttons we can use. So we're gonna have like a menu button, so that we can access on-screen things then? Okay, um so we're doing an on-screen menu that we can scroll through. Pre-set channels and then we're gonna need um numbers one through zero, right? Well, but in order to pre-set a cha oh I guess you can just hold it down when you get to one when you're scrolling through. Mm-hmm. Okay, um finishing the meeting now. Um our next meeting starts in thirty minutes, um you each have things to do, look and feel design, user interface design, product evaluation, and you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay. You'll get specific instructions from your personal coach. Um did we decide on a chip? Let's go with a simple chip? Okay. We are done. Thank you everyone. Oh I di these are already in our shared folder, so.
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The industrial designer discussed possible materials to use in making the case for the remote, options for buttons, and options for batteries. The interface specialist presented two existing products which incorporate features the team is seeking to embed in their remote. The interface specialist also discussed other features to possibly incorporate into the design of the remote, such as an LCD screen. The marketing expert discussed recent findings from trend watching reports and how to incorporate these findings into the remote design with respect to what materials to use and the overall appearance of the product. The team then discussed other options for how they could incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into the appearance of their product. The team then discussed other options for batteries, chips, buttons, and materials for the case, as well as the option to have a menu function. 
"Okay um, welcome to our detailed design meeting. I'm pretty excited. Let's start it's approximately fifteen forty or something like that. Okay um the agenda we're gonna do an opening and then um I'll talk about the minutes from the last meeting, what we d discussed um, then we'll have the prototype presentation and a look at the evaluation criteria. We'll look at the finances and finally a do a production evaluation and close. So, starting off with the um last the last one, oh I don't have it here um, but we talked about energy, we're gonna use a kinetic battery um, we want to use a simple chip, because we're not gonna need a a shuffle um, we're gonna need a scroll um, we're choosing a latex case w in fruity colours that's curved and um we're using push buttons uh with a supplement of an on-screen menu. And it sounded like we had set um like eight or nine buttons, including five pre-set channels. Okay? Let's do the look and feel design presentation first. like a little lightning in it. The little lightning bolt in it, very cute. The v the rhombus rhombus? Um on, off? Okay. Yeah we turn it off. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh. Very interesting. I think that one's my favourite. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Now that was one thing that we brought up over email. I don't know if you picked up your email, but um the f the um feature that we considered for it not getting lost. Mm-hmm. It's really Would it be very difficult to um just have an external device that like I dunno, you tape to your to your T_V_ um that when you press it you ha a little light beep goes off? Do you think that would be conceptually possible? Mm-hmm. Mm. That's true, mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's a fair evaluation. Getting lost. Um we so we do we've decided not to worry about that for now. Okay 'cause well, the designs are very bright, so you're right, they're gonna stick out, but um Mm-hmm. Could we maybe have like an extra button on the top for on off? So then w we wouldn't have to have like a dual function? Sure. Um uh why don't we do a product evaluation using your criteria, if you've developed some? Oh okay. Okay. Okay. Do you need this or just write on the white board? Okay. It's kind of like uh like a joystick kind of thing, you know, kinda push it. 'Kay. Maybe a little smaller than that. Oh it does, it's kind of like There it could have a stem like that, 'cause I do l kind of like the stem. Yeah. It almost helps you ge keep a grip too, 'cause it goes in between fingers. I like this one. Variety of colours are nice. I think I'm leaning towards the potato. Mm-hmm. I am worried about like um using a menu. Um in that like i withing menus there are submenus, and so how do you get back to the main menu? But that has a menu button separate from a select button, whereas if this one's both the menu and the select button? Okay. Could these be used for going to submenus or Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, as long as we have that in mind as we're designing it still, mm 'kay. I think so. I I kind of think it's it's unique enough that I'd give it a one or a two. Okay. I will give it a one. Um functional. I think it'll get everything done, I think it might be a little confusing at first, um, I don't know if that's gonna be a later one. Okay, then I'm gonna give it a two. Did you give a functional? Okay. Well, the kinetic battery. But they'll notice it after like a year, they'll be like hey, I have never changed the battery. Mm. Just the material. Think I'm gonna go with the four as well. I really like that kinetic battery though. Mm 'kay. Uh let's say two. Give it a one. Mm. 'Cause there would be less impact maybe,. That's right, yeah, corporate colour, we didn't keep that in um well if we I know it would make it a little less c a little more confusing, but if we had all the buttons in black, and a design in and the outside in yellow, that'd be our corporate one and we could also have alternative colours, one a more conservative one, one that's more fruity. Um and can we have like an R_R_ inscribed on the bottom or something? Okay. Fruity, so fruity. I think i it's kind of mangoey too. Yes. Mm. One. Mm-hmm. Yes. It's gonna be hard. And if it's repetitive movement it is gonna be only four buttons that you're constantly pushing, but um I like how it fits in the hand though so I I'd go with a two. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. I think I'd give it a four too. It's a pretty high learning curve, it'll be easy once you've done it, but We we I think we can kind of say we addressed it with colour, but Mm-hmm. Mm I'd give it a four. Small too. Three. It's totally fashionable. I'd give it a one. Mango. I do like uh the little Martian one. One. Mm-hmm. I think as long if we offer in a in at least three different colour arrangements. Um yeah, that's good. So I'll give it a a two. Well um we didn't we didn't address the fact that it does need to b have a corporate logo, so let's let's make sure we keep that in mind that we ha that one of our colours concepts is corporate and has an R_R_ on it. All of them should have R_R_, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Lovely. Okay, now we're gonna look at finances. Um I have an Excel sheet that we're actually gonna calculate the cost um, so let me exit out of this first. Okay um I know. Let me one more space. Gonna zoom in real quick. Okay. Hand dynamo. We're using kinetic battery, right? Um and we're having one per One, okay. Um electronics. Simple. Mm 'kay. Um the case. It's very curvy, so okay. The wood? I mean the rubber. Mm-hmm, okay. Yeah, we're using we're gonna need at least two special colours. Um. I dunno where it yeah. So let's y say three. Yeah, I dunno. That I thi I thought that would be under yours. We'll just say three. Mm-hmm. Maybe the R_R_ will be in colour as well, so yeah. Interface, we're doing push buttons. And how many buttons do we have? Six. Anything else? Oh, buttons oh, so um. So the case material will just have one colour, right, but then the buttons will be in special colours? We're saying per unit. Okay, so each unit will only have one colour on their but the case is could have up to thr I mean the buttons could ea could be up to three colours, 'cause that how it's designed there. So Special form? They're all kind of just push button, right? Special material? Uh. Oh do I have to do it per button, do I? Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Thirteen point seven. Yeah, what can we reduce? Let's see what that would do. It's only gonna bring us down to thirteen point three anyway. Okay um, are we sure this is double-curved? Maybe it's single-curved, we have no idea. Well it's not the yeah. Okay, it's the kinetic battery that's kind of expensive, but we have a simple chip, single curve, case material is rubber and it's a special colour, but that's important. Six buttons we have to have six buttons. What? No, okay, maybe not. I don't know what just happened. Now it's twelve. Twelve point five. So we're okay, I think. Yeah. Okay, we're all set. Um save. I saved that to our um our big shared folder, so you know. Um okay, back to agenda. Um are the are the costs under twelve fifty Euro? Yes. Let's move on to the project evaluation. Project process. Satisfaction with for example the room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, the means, any new ideas found. So I guess what we're gonna talk about here is just evaluating how we created this project, the information we got on the news, how we used it, if we were able to um, you know, use our creativity with the information, um how how well I guess I led it, um the how well we worked together as a team, um the digital pens, the whiteboard. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think we all made um very significant contributions, I don't think anybody dominated it, which I thought was really good, like each of us was able to um like each of you had your information and I uh I tried to facilitate it without like taking over, um I like our little finished products. Really cute. I know, let's think of it like a little jingle. Um.. Okay um new ideas found? Definitely. Or or at least be c p creative enough to think of toggle switches mm etcetera. Oh, I'm so excited. Mm-hmm. I thi yeah, that's awesome. Um okay, closing. Are the costs within the budget? Is the project evaluated? Now there's the final questionnaire and meeting summary. Um so, this is the great product kids, I think we've created something really interesting and that we have a market for it, um especially if we can produce it at twelve point three which we hope um yeah. Make sure in your questionnaire to put down criticisms of both the process and the um the final results and. I do like the Martian remote. If we could choose more than one, that would be my second choice. Although the tog toggle I'm afraid I would It's cool. I think I would break it. Oh yeah, it's kind of a penguin. Mm-mm. Mm 'kay, congratulations. Um. Anything else to say? Alright. Um anybody have I got more master classes, anybody else wanna like take a master's class? Yeah, but check it out. So like there are all these like links, they don't go anywhere. But all that you need to keep in mind your knowledge management. Um just wanna make sure you do. Oh It is. Yes definitely I'm very sad that I didn't get any links to the corporate website.. Wow. Yes. I love Excel, it's one of my favourite programs. I see, mm. Spongy. I I thought it was a little tricky having to hand around this thing. We had a lot of the um otherwise the technology today was kinda cool. Mm-hmm. No. Although I don't see how we could have very l at least for me I Mm. Mm-hmm. And with and with the PowerPoint that we can all look at, like you can do all those things pretty much on PowerPoint as that's not as necessary to have. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Now when you were um creating your um prototypes here, did you work together or did you like do separate projects? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Cool. Oh thanks. It's kinda fun. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. This is what we'll do. I found that we did we could have used another five or ten minutes sometimes in the meetings. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think the last time we had a lot of information, but at the same time not quite enough, you know what I mean, like we we couldn't answer every single question. Um but Mm. It was interesting what came out like later, like as I was doing the when I was doing the breakdown on the agenda that they gave me um, that more points came out from your presentation even. Um. I'm a little I am a little disappointed that we didn't do a um something for losing the remote, because that was kind of a big point. About yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Considered the re yeah. Well it's interesting that they Mm-hmm, yeah. It was interesting though that they put that fifty percent of people say they have frustration with losing their remote and yet they didn't provide us with information to um we weren't provided with information to discuss that. I know that like people people have like things they can put on their keys that you press it and it'll beep, but I but I'm sure that would require some kind of technology that I just don't know what it is, but Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. It d yeah, it depends on how organised you are personally, but Mm-hmm. Oh. Can't get in. Yep. We should make one that walks by itself. Or or like some crazy like electro-magnet, that you push it and it'll go zoom to the T_V_ and stick there. Well, but if you could attach them to the T_V_, then you can. Mm. Okay. Sorry, I'm just um trying to update my minutes. I decided to you know how I sent you the email saying that PowerPoint minutes will be complimentary, rather than like repeating them. Just gonna make I'm making full minutes, so that it'll include all of the agenda and all that. 'Cause that seems a little more useful. But I didn't have like information to sloth through either, so Most of it, mm-hmm. I added slides, um I added a couple slides each time, but that was about it. Mm. Well, the thing was they would provide y an agenda with s like several points, but it wouldn't have a slide for each point. And that's the only way I remember that I need to go other that point. I know personally when I do PowerPoint, that's what I do and so I had it once, even if it was just like the title of it, like the three presentations, and I would do your three. The slogan on it? No no no. I think we just need the um the R_R_, yeah. Yeah, I was just kinda going by the web page, 'cause they didn't give me any clear, like yellow, grey, or. I don't really like yellow in general. But it Wasn't it interesting that um I thought it was interesting that our market marketing um expert did not agree with the marketing um the marketing choices, you know, like that was a bit of a conflict. People are stupid. Maybe, like I don't know. That could always be. Oh. I'm claiming it intellectual property.
Right, well we made three different prototypes and I guess we'll start with with this one. Um we have our colours not are not fixed, but this is the general shape. Um it's you hold it sort of either like like this in your left hand or you switch it over and uh it's easily adaptable to either hand. You can push the buttons with your thumb like a mobile phone, or you can push them with your index finger of your other hand, or even I mean there's a whole variety, you can hold it like this and press it with your same index finger. Uh we have the on off button at the tip, very visible, very big. We have our up and down buttons, which are also gonna be our channel selectors, and we have our little menu button here. If you push if you're just pushing these normally, they're the menu buttons, if uh the volume buttons rather. If you press select once, they become channel changing buttons. If we press select three times, the menu with the other features and pro possibly also with your T_V_ channel choices shows up, and you have your five presets down here. Um if people wanna grab hold of that, see how it feels in your hand. That's our number one prototype. Um do you wanna present the potato, or shall I present the Martian? That's the rhombus, yep. If you pressed and held it maybe. Yeah. On off, that's a possibility, yeah. And then finally we have um the Martian or the pear, either way. Um it's a bit different, just a little bit more of a creative feel. Uh you have the on off toggle stem on the top. We have the five preset seeds. And then you have on the sides to make it a little bit more three-dimensional, you have your channel changing, volume changing buttons and your menu button right here in the middle. So, that's for your consideration as well, plus it's an interesting talking point to have standing up. We figured it could stand up like this on your table, if you wanted it to, if I made the bot the bottom flat. Uh the menu select button. We were we were thinking that normally we'd go for fruity colours, but maybe we're also thinking that your sort of middle aged man, for an example customer, might not want a fruity coloured remote, so m maybe we'd have one version that's a bit toned down, maybe with with less contrasts on it. Yeah, something still a little bright to make it hard to lose, but yeah. Right. Well we were we were talking about that a little bit when we got that email and we think that each of these are so distinctive, that it it's not just like another piece of technology around your house. It's gonna be somewhere that it can be seen. So we're we're not thinking that it's gonna be as critical to have the loss I think Yeah. There might be something that you can do in the circuit board and the chip to make it make a noise or something, but it would take a lot more development than we have this afternoon. So d do people have a preference as far as feel and functionality? Um. Mm yeah, that's good, that's good. Here, stick it on. So where Right. Okay. Ooh. Hey. No, I kinda like it. That's hard to miss. Like Yeah. Interesting. Okay, is that where people are leaning then, the potato? I like the idea of the I mean that's really gotten the simplicity of the buttons down, that one. Hmm. Well that on the iPod, for example, you just every time you wanna go back you hit the menu button again and it brings you back one level. Good point. Maybe yeah, maybe it can be one of those, if you press down and hold for two seconds, then it brings you back one level or something. The potato? Are we leaning towards the potato? Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Um I dunno if it's it's creative. I dunno if fancy is the word I would use. I dunno if any of them are fancy in I'd say two, because c unique. Yeah, one. In the battery, that's it. How many people would notice that, though? Yeah. I I would say that it's Yeah, like fancy versus creative it's it's different. But does that equal innovative? I dunno. I'll give it a three. Okay. Um I'll give it a one. Pretty hard to mess up. Yeah. Ooh, that you couldn't it'd be harder to break, harder to lose. Mm. It it might be, 'cause that's our corporate colour, isn't it? We might wanna keep it yellow. Yeah. If we had a yellow Sure. So it was inspired by the potato, so I think it's pretty fruity. Oh, mango that that That's a much more trendy than a potato one. Yeah, me too. Yeah. Yeah. I'll I'll say two as well. Because older people that aren't used to like texting with the thumb might find it a bit at first, but The menu system and the the fact that multiple buttons are used for different things might be a bit confusing, but I think if it's one it's one of those things that it might take you five minutes to figure out, but you'll have it afterwards. So I'd I think I'd give it a two I guess. Oh, good point. Um I'd say I'd give it uh a three, I guess it depends on how tidy you are normally. Simple to use or simple in design? Do you know? Right. I'm give it a three I guess. I dunno. I don't think it's quite as fashionable as my robot remote or alien or whatever he was. Um two. Yeah. Yeah, I'll say two. Shall we uh Well I think all of them should have an R_R_. Oh my. Uh we're n using kinetic, yeah. Yeah. Single. Simple, simple rather. Uh uh uh double-curved. Yeah I never did get a picture of those so I don't really know. Our case material supplements oops, we just skipped by them. No, we we the plastic is the plastic for the inside is assumed. The supplement is Oh, I guess it was rubber rather than latex. Yeah. Uh well I don't know what the se the basic colour is though. Well, are we talking about on each colour combination or are we, you know, we'll like we'll have yellow and black. Is that two special colours? Or or is white and black, then two more or Uh. I guess it's three, three three. Alright. Yeah. Six, with the power. Yeah. No. Oh, we'll do we wa Are the buttons in special colour, special f I didn't get information on Well, does it but if we're making multiple varieties of this is where I'm getting confused. per unit, okay, okay. Alright, and each button s Yeah, okay. No, I think they're fine. Material, we want them rubber as well probably, yeah. No, I don't think so. I think they're if they're all gonna be rubber then it that's what it matters. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh oh. Okay, let's have our buttons all be one colour. Alright. Uh. We have no idea. I dunno, I didn't get any pictures. It's single curved. Why not? Yeah. That is important. How did it get more expensive, what did you just change? It was it was thirteen and now it's fifteen. Twelve point five. Hey hey. We're all set then. Ish. Alright. Yes. Well. I felt very creative. I enjoyed making the prototypes. Yeah. I think we could've done even better with a little bit more information, like what's a single-curved case, how many colours, what do colours count things, but given given what we had I think that we did we did really well. Um I think we worked together pretty well. Yeah. But the fruits and vegetables, they really my creativity, so. Do you think we could Yeah. Yeah. Can we market this as the mango remote? Should we have that somewhere on the packaging? I have a little R_R_. Yes. Hopefully not with just my fingernail at some point but um it's quite a useful little gadget. All thanks to Iain for the design of that one. Mm. What did we find for new ideas? People should really base their remotes on fruits and vegetables. I I am really into the idea of kinetic batteries now after reading about them. That was I I knew you can get watches that had them, like really quite expensive watches that just never need a battery, 'cause you're always moving your wrist. But in other things, I think it'd be really good. Yes. Yeah. It started because I wanted to have it as st as a stem and then alright, so Is it started as a pear, but then it started looking more and more like a Martian when I put the Take me to your leader. Wow, maybe I should market it to some remote control company now. So are are poor little thing. Oh. It's really funny that you got spam in your work emails. Let's see, what did I get through the corporate website? It's just inspiration about circuit boards. Yeah, that is pretty neat. Yeah, my inspiration from from last time is the in interior of a remote control being taken apart bit by bit, talking about circuit boards. I learned a lot actually. I could probably take apart a remote control now if I really needed to. Now I have all about circuits and chips and transponders and I wrote it all down, because I thought it would be relevant, like all the different parts of the inside of a remote control, but then they're like, you don't actually need this you just need to talk about the case. It's really interesting though. Yeah. That was really neat how I got emails and No. I yeah. If I'd gotten pictures of the different parts of the case, the different looks of the case, I would have probably drawn them up, but Yeah, we could've put our brainstorming stuff up there rather than just talking about it, but with only four people it doesn't really make sense. I think if you had a larger group Yeah. Because we're all gonna be working in different places. We if we were all gonna stay in here all the time, then having the notes up on the whiteboard would've been alright, but everyone needs their own, like specific notes, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. So it was a bit of both really, we just kind of started out by each taking a colour of clay and just fooling around with it and I came up with that rhombus shape and he came up with the sort of potatoey, mangoey shape, and then just went from there really. It was fun. So well done with the management, I felt well managed. That happened to me all the time though. Yeah, I was quite worried at the end of the last meeting that we weren't getting we didn't really have enough information to make firm decisions, but we were able to do it regardless, so. I'm not usually a very decisive person, so it helped to have people say this needs to be done in five minutes. Especially last time, yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Right. And I I felt the first two meetings, that I was coming in with no information, and not sort of made me really like, ooh I don't know, throwing together PowerPoint out of no no information and then last time it was like the opposite. I had so much information and so much to talk about. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. that was something like in order to talk about that we would've had to have actual knowledge about circuit boards and things like Yeah. I think we were Yeah. I think we were just getting overenthusiastic with the task. I think we really got into it, I mean I got into it as the day went on and I got really like, ooh I'm designing a remote control, I dunno if that's just me, but Yeah. Yeah. I think there are some of those like infomercial remotes that have things so you won't lose them. I dunno. I mean we were talking about it and like i in my household at least, there's only about two places that the remote is ever 'cause there's only one T_V_ and there's only like three chairs. Yeah. Yeah, or like I guess what the setup of the house is too. But, I mean I am notorious for losing my keys, I just I guess I've just never lost the remote. I put my keys in the refrigerator the other night and couldn't find them. 'Cause I was putting groceries away. You you're taking stuff from a bag and putting them in the refrigerator and then go back to my room. Can't get in, look all around the kitchen. Definitely in the vegetable drawer. So. Mm. But I guess it's 'cause we don't carry remotes around that much. Yeah. Maybe with our little robot one we could've had him have a robot, alien, pear, whatever he is, have a little voice like, I am located Oh a G_P_S_ system, internal G_P_S_. Although if it's sitting still for too long. Yes I Or little Or just just a wheel, you know. Just if you like you'd have a remote for your remote, that'll. zoom Yeah. Hmm. All kinds of possibilities. Yeah. Oh. Wow. 'Cause you've had like the most typing and organising to do. Yeah, I guess How much of your PowerPoint was already done for you, every meeting. Oh. Okay. Yeah, I didn't even think about adding slides, 'cause I would just get slides with titles on them and fill them all in w didn't even think about adding more. Ah yeah.. Right. No, no, definitely not. We No, I don't think we need to I think the R_ and R_, especially if the yellow and black one. Or yellow and blue. Lemme go to the web page. Finish meeting now. Yeah. I guess it i it sort of a grey, isn't it? Yellow and grey, but then the slogan's in blue. Yeah. Well we don't have the right colour clay anyway. Well we're not, sadly, going to actually be producing this, so. Potato mango shaped remotes. I can't believe a whole day is gone. I don't feel like it's been that long. Get sucked in. Mm I haven't gotten questionnaire eight yet.
Right, do you wanna start? Okay, um What We call that one the rhombus, uh the rhombus. Um this one is known as the potato, uh it's it's a how can I present it? It's an ergonomic shape, so it it fits in your hand nicely. Um it's designed to be used either in your left hand or or in your right hand. Um I've gone here just for just for four buttons on this one. Um the two blue buttons here are for adjusting the volume. So you've got volume up and volume down on the other side here. Um the red ones are for uh changing channels, channel up and channel down and that's um moves between your favourite channels that you've selected. Uh this middle button here brings up the on-screen menu and when you're working in the on-screen menu you use the other four buttons to navigate around the menu system and the middle button uh to select and that's basically it, that's the potato. Uh that would be one of your channels, basically, so like channel zero would be t to switch switch the machine off, yeah. Um not really, it would make it hard to turn the machine off, to turn your T_V_ off. Yeah yeah, that that'd be one way of doing it, yeah. That'd work, yeah. Let's pass. So that's So that's our three prototypes. Um basically, in terms of making decisions, what we'd need to do is first of all decide on a form uh which of the three different shapes we want, then decide what kind of button layout we want, how many buttons, and then to choose what colours we want to make the buttons and if we wanna put any text on the device, like label on the buttons or put a brand name or or a logo on it or whatever. Would Yeah, but we don't want it to look like a kids' toy. Yeah. I think it would be difficult technologically, because if your if your remote's lost it's probably under the settee and in that case you can't you can't send an infrared sing signal to it to find it, s so it's I'm not quite sure how it would work and then I wonder if it's if it's more just a gimmick then anything else. Uh I mean ho how many times do you really, seriously lose your remote control and would would a device like that actually help you to find it? Yeah, it's possible, yeah, yeah. Put an extra the button on. Cool. It makes look more fruity as well. It's like a deformed foot, I dunno. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is, it's the up and down buttons are used for scrolling up and down for a list of choices. You find the choice that you want and you press uh you press the right button uh. Yeah. Yeah, so they're used for going into and out of your submenus, yeah. Potato. I'll go for two. I think it's it's functional, it's also pretty basic, so I'll give it a two. I'd say it's technologically it's not it's not unique, I mean it's it's just it is just pushbuttons um, so I I'd give it a four. I'll say one. I wonder if it bounces when you drop it. Yeah. Yeah I'd I'd give it a one. Uh um. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Mangoey is better, yeah. I like mangoes. Uh two. Uh one. Yeah, yeah. Yeah I'll I'll say two. I think it it's probably a little harder then most remotes to learn, because you have to you have to use the menu system and you have to tell it what your favourite channels are and that could take a bit of learning at first, but once you've, yeah once you'd learned how to use it, I think it is a lot easier. So I'd I'd give it a four. Yeah. Yeah. Um I'll give it a five 'cause i it would be easy to lose something like that, yeah. I'll give it a two. Three. Guess it's double-curved. It is pretty curvy. Special colours, isn't it? We've got five. Oh six. Yeah. Yeah. What was our target price again? Twelve point five. So we're just just about there. Yeah. I think we've been successful in that we've achieved almost all of the design goals that we've set and we've come up with a finished project and we just about got cost. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. That's cool. Let's all let's all go for the yellow Break the stem off. That was bound to happen Mm. Yeah. I think. Yeah. We didn't we didn't use the whiteboard that much. Yeah. Uh we we worked together, um but we were making like we sort of made different shapes and then discussed how the how the buttons might work, um and how we could like improve on the on the design. I think we did well in first of all giving our meetings the time, and second we actually we we did a good job of making firm decisions at the ends of the meetings. And I I know what happens sometimes is that you tend to sort of have meetings and then people sorta drift away without anything actually really being decided. But I think here we got we got clear and and decisive decisive points at the end of the meetings, so that we we knew where to go on from there. Yeah. Yeah, for some of the meetings, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
I could Could the middle button of the on-screen menu function as a power button? If you like held it down, that would be on off. Sorry, what's the yellow one in the middle, I forgot. But if it's like under covers or like in a couch you still can't see it. I feel like this is simil or it's sort of what already exists so if we're trying to think of something sort of like new and fun, even though this is like what you're init I'm initially drawn to, just 'cause it's like comfortable and like not different. I sort of like this one, like I I don't know why, it just it's like small but still sort of like cute looking, I dunno. But I also like the b the side buttons on that one, like I think that's kind of neat. But I dunno how much any of this has to do with the fashionable, sort of cool looking thing that we also need to focus on. Ah, there we go. Well do we w like I think we're supposed to have one that we do it for. That was I was a little vague on what exactly I'm supposed to do, but let me I have to like write something on the whiteboard, so. No, I actually don't have like a PowerPointy thing, 'cause I think it would be redundant. I dunno. Okay, so which one are we sort of roughly looking at to address whether or not it meets our s um necessities, the yellowy one is that Okay, well we can obviously change it after we go through each different one. So basically what we need to do is some of the things that we've talked about before we need to make sure that that remote actually does conform to the things that we said it was going to. So what we sort of wanna do is that we each need to separately rank each of the following things and then I'll tabulate an average just to make sure that it does meet that. So we'll just go through them one at a time and we'll just go around and each of you can tell me on a scale of one to seven with one being really extremely true and seven being not true at all, or false, if the remote that we've created conforms to the following criteria. So we can do this one first. First we wanna know if it meets the fancy look and feel um objective. So like in my opinion the for now at least, the yellow one is probably somewhere in the middle so I'm gonna say it's like a three. That's just my opinion. What does each of you Okay, well give it a number, sorry. Okay. And two, awesome. Alright, and same sort of scale for functionality, is it functional? I think it's extremely functional, I'm gonna give it a one. One? Okay. Okay. Well there's some other ones, I will address that, yeah. Awesome, okay. Um we wanna know next if it's technologically innovative. Yeah, she said it was one. Um is it technologically innovative? Mm. Not really, I mean not so much, 'cause we we don't have the L_C_D_ screen, we don't have fancy chip. Other than what it looks like, I dunno if it's really I kinetic battery is a big one, so. Mm. But it but we know it's there. And if it's made of like latex, that whole idea, that's pretty cool. I'll give it a three. 'Cause it we could've picked a lot of features that would've made it really Alright. Everyone else? Mm 'kay. Next, is it easy to use? Just so you know, easy to learn will be separate, so don't overlap them. I think it's really easy to use. I'll give it a two. Alright. Um we next wanna see if it has a spongy quality and if indeed it's made of latex or rubber I it's spongy all the way. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Iain, what do you give it? Alright and the next is, does it integrate some notion of fruits and vegetables? Well, is it gonna be yellow? Yeah, but if you had like a silvery kind of white or something. Oh, yeah. Alright, so I think it it's Yeah. Yeah. I okay, I'm giving it a one the mango put me over. What are what's everyone's numbers? Alright um, and does the design match the appropriate behaviour? Remember earlier we discussed that people don't use a lot of buttons, that they use the channel flipping and the volume the most. I think we really took that into account a lot, so I'm gonna give it a one. Did you say one, Rose? Okay um, also we talked earlier about R_S_I_ and wanting to prevent um any sort of like Carpal Tunnely kind of thing. Do we think that the latex sort of grip appropriately takes that into account? I think I'll give it a two, 'cause I almost feel like no matter what you do, something is gonna happen. Um um worth the risk, I think. 'Kay. Alright, awesome. And the ease of learning it. I know you were saying that you're a little bit nervous about that, I dunno. It sort of reminds me of the iPod. I just got mine, I still haven't read the instruction book and I'm doing okay, so and I'm not good at learning technology. So I'll give it a two. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Alright, um also earlier we had something about losing it and so now we're not addressing that at all, so Okay, so in terms of not losing it, do you think that on a scale of one to seven, how easy or hard is it to lose? I'm gonna I'm gonna give it a four, 'cause I think that you can still if it's in between somewhere where you can't see it, you're kind of not gonna find it, but anywhere else it's gonna stand out. Alright, we also said simplicity, how w how well does it address just being simple? I think overall, 'cause we had said before our two main things were simplicity and fashion, so those are the next two things we're gonna look at. Separate from fancy, like that sort of thing. Um it like wants to be simple but it's not like totally totally simple, so I'm gonna give it a two. Alright, and fashionable? It's hot, I mean it's a mango, come on. I mean how fashionable can you make a remote? I think it's bringing technology and fashion together real really well. Yeah, the toggle on off switch, it's really appealing. Number. And does it meet our like demographic need sort of for international appeal, that whole thing? Just that it would se serve our audience. I don't see why not. Mm-hmm. Alright, did anyone have any other features that they think were important that we didn't talk about? And so we're gonna do that, so it will address it, fine. Okay. That's me. Whoa. Simple. Yeah. Well don't we need plastic, and Provided, okay. It was rubber and special colour, right? Do we have more than one special colour? Per Well, but we know that we're having at least three colours, so Right. We have six. Oh no, five. Oh wait. Yeah. Yeah, per unit. Yeah. I like it like that. Yeah, 'cause it wouldn't make sense otherwise, 'cause for the whole mat case material it's only one. It's I mean it's two to make it rubber. Oh wait, so maybe. Mm, I kind of like the buttons. It's single curved. We Yeah, they are. Yeah, I mean if I'd had more market research on the fruits and vegetables, maybe we could've taken that into account. I know, I really did, the the whole mango idea was great. No, I mean I thought the pen was a little distracting for me personally, like its heaviness, and like just being so conscious of like turning the pages, I dunno. That was a bit of a distraction. That was the last one, like I chose not to do a PowerPoint 'cause I didn't think it made sense to, so I liked that I had the option to do that and just to take my own notes and that whole sort of thing. They're funny. I kind of want one. I'm trying to think of a good pun that I could add there. I like the R_R_, that's gonna be etched in. Yeah, I didn't even know they existed. Yeah, Real Reaction. Oh, that would definitely be my second choice. I would break it. I would break it. Oh that's funny. Kind of looks like a penguin, like with no eye. I like that it stands up. Oh, sad. Nothing will come up until after our meeting's supposed to be over, its all timed. Oh. No the first one that you sent like I didn't realise that it was a joke and I was like why did she send this to us? It's very it's very work relevant, 'cause people send spam a lot. Oh here you can you can view. You can just see what's up. Yeah it's it's really deep. Hold on. Takes a little while to get excited to load. That the Excel thing is pretty cool. Here, like, basically it's like inspiration, basically I'm gonna give you two sentences on fashion and that kind of thing, see. You didn't miss out that much. Oh wow. This one was cooler. I got a whole table and everything. That's like mine it was like, would you prefer an L_C_D_ screen or a multifunction remote control? And then it didn't have like any kind of table, like awesome, I'm glad they asked that question and didn't report the result. Yeah. 'Cause we weren't like voting on anything and I think usually, like whiteboards are good, you know like crossing out ideas, or like if we had had like a brainstorming period. But I thought we were good orally. Get crazy. And these might've made us more willing to like take notes than to like write up them here, 'cause we all needed them separately, kind of on the whiteboards in this room. Yeah. Sorry. Well the problem was, even when we just were creating from the Excel file, there wasn't like a option to select to somehow have it included, so there was no we could be like yeah, it has it included. There was no way for us to have written down that it was really there. Yeah. That's like saying you're never gonna lose your keys, and I always do, anyway. You'll lose 'em in your pocket, like you just will forget that or you like put it down somewhere that like made sense and then not remember, there's always ways to lose things. That's funny. That's funny. I always do that, leaving it in my coat, and then like using a different coat. Yeah. Can't really take it into the other room. Oh man. Here you go. That really could get up and walk away. You have you have to have the slogan on it or can it just be like Okay good. 'Cause I was like, it could go around the outside. Is it yellow and blue? Oh I guess it is black, grey. Grey is better than black, doesn't look so bumblebeeish. Hey now I understand the random like newsclippings. Yes. I will I just feel like if you're really doing like a a really big market evaluation, you wouldn't just have like one set of source, it's kind of an they were so not backed up, it would just be a sentence like we did a survey, this is what people said. S mm, I dunno. Well we got some grey and we got some blue buttons, we're good. If they ever come out with potato I'm gonna have to Yeah. I know.
";The project manager recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting and two team members presented three prototypes which differed primarily in shape. The team felt it was not necessary to include a feature to prevent the remote from getting lost as the prototype designs were quite bright. The team conducted a product evaluation of the prototype the team liked the most. They rated the prototype on the basis of its appearance, functionality, technological innovativeness, sponginess, usability, learn-ability, its ability to be found when misplaced, simplicity, and its ability to meet the appropriate demographic. The team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost. The project manager then led the team in a project evaluation in which the team evaluated how they created the project, the information they found and used, their creativity, their teamwork, and the materials they had at their disposal. The team was generally quite satisfied. After the project manager's closing, the team discussed their personal preferences in terms of the prototypes. They also further evaluated the project process and discussed what they had learned. 
"Guess I should probably try to sit up straight. Oh, I think mine's fallen off. Wow. Oh yeah, that's fine. Right. I'm Nathan, I'm from California, and I'm here doing a Masters degree in social anthropology. U_C_L_A_. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Wow. No. Sounds nice. Oh, wow. There's more vomit there. Alright. Yep. Um Let's see. Yeah, that's the music I grew up listening to. And so there Something I miss about my hometown. Burritos that cost less than eight Pounds. I grew up in San Diego, but yeah um La Jolla, P_B_. But really uh I last lived in San Francisco, I haven't lived in Cali well I haven't lived in southern California since I was eighteen. It's different. 'Cause in San Diego th the tortillas are cooked on the grill and in northern California they steam them. Yeah, it really does. Mm. Yeah. Where you from in San Diego? Okay. Yeah, my grandparents lived on um thirty second. Close t uh do you know where Clare de Lune coffee shop is, and Cafe Forte Cool. Yeah. Wow. Okay. Mm. Sounds interesting. Maybe our personal coach will have something to say about that. Yeah. Maybe a remote with changeable faces, like the faces that you can buy for phones. Yeah. Yeah. S smaller's better. Simple. Oh right. That'd be different. Yeah. It's gonna be too complicated, too crowded with buttons and things. Needs it needs one outstanding feature to set it apart from all the other remotes. Right. I think, making it out of a nice material would be very important, because so many of those remotes that you see, these universal remotes look so cheap and low quality. Mm. something, uh we'll have to come up with a name, patent it. Leopard print. I think, it wouldn't be such a bad idea to have a like a locator device, maybe a simple button that you have on your television to help you find your remote. Mm. True. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. 'S true. Okay. Alright.
Are you sure I got it all head's kinda small. Okay. We're okay? We're good? I guess it's gonna be hard to drink coffee. Mm. Uh okay. Very official. You're just gonna believe me, we'll go from there. Fair enough. Prove it yeah, okay. Works for me. There you go. I'm Sarah, I went to Michigan, and I'm here doing cultural studies and I'm the Marketing Manager or something. Marketing, yeah Expert. Expert. Fine. That's me. So. So do we have to wait for you to write it down or are you gonna tell us? I'm waiting to know. Uh Fair enough. Oh, Smallville. I went to high school with Tom Willing actually. The guy. Yeah. Yeah. Very much so. Hell of a soccer player but a total bastard nonetheless. Yeah. He is a big guy. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Good call. Interesting. I guess I'll go next then. Okay. Don't wanna lose all my mikes, plugged in here. Okay. This is basically just pen practice huh? Okay. Oh you're much taller than me so I'm gonna write down here. Um. Right now I'm listening to a lot of somebody nobody's ever heard of, Chris Bathgate, local Michigan folk singer, really lame and uh uh what else did I bring with me? Probably classical, to totally geek it out, yeah I think. And my family guy D_V_D_s but we don't need to write that one down. So yeah. No. Are you getting it online, or is it on sky? Yeah, that'd be nice. 'Fraid not. Mm. Exciting. That'd be. Oh. I didn't even read those. Oops. I shouldn't admit that. Yeah. It's the five by five, I can't read that much. Yeah oh it's so horrible. Oh my God. Seriously? It really is Yeah. Slide it in there. Yeah. Yeah fair enough. I've already got more than I can keep track of. And I'm gonna go home next week and everyone's gonna be like oh my God you're turning into one of those people, no. I know. I know. Oh it should be interesting. Wait until I tell them I'm not coming back. They're gonna love that one. Probably. Or at least get a work visa for a while and then decide. 'Cause nice. Of course. Oh, now I can think of so many other ones. That's how it works. Mm. Oh Any thing that are like free. Nice. It must make all the difference. Ah. Right. Mm. There you go. Mm. Makes sense. Uh. What they're looking for. And negotiate that. Uh. I don't think there's any rules about it yet. So Yeah. Mm. W yeah. I like the little cover thingies. Hmm. Good idea. Start your minutes. Um Well it's pretty much given it's gonna be universal right, we decided that already and it may be functioning for other things, as soon as you said that I was thinking like all the other things you could get a remote to do, like your microwave or your front door or like to have everything on one thing, but then, I've never been a fan of those huge remotes that have like a million buttons, you can't tell what they do. Yeah. Specific. Okay. Interesting. True. Mm. Mm. Right. We want it to be munt multifunctional but at the same time if you get it to do too much you're not gonna be able to tell them apart, that whole yeah. Hmm. Mm. An interesting option. Yeah. Definitely. Right. That Yeah. Awesome. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Keeping it nice and slick, would be important. And I don't know, like, there's such a problem with losing them, that adding this whole like P_D_A_ pen business is only one more thing to lose, so we're gonna have to be careful with what like Just something like keep in mind when we start actually dealing with this stuff but that would be really cool. Yeah. Fi b like what are they called, those face plate things? Isn't there a name for them? Are they? I dunno. Yeah. Something really cool. Leopard print or something. Hmm. True. Right. True. Right. Right. Right. Probably. Good. Mm. Yeah. And that titanium the new silver sleek ones that's last couple of years, very much so. Mm. Right. Right. Mm. Definitely. Yeah. Or if you our users in mind, like these grandmas are not gonna be into this whole new let's design, no it's they're used to the buttons so we'll have to be careful of exactly who we're marketing this to, and who we're gonna be able to get it out of. But Euros. Mm. Mm-mm. Mm. Okay. With half an hour? 'Kay. Perfect. Cool.
How're we placed in terms of the alright. It fell That's why. Ah. Sure. Mm. I'm Ron. I uh once upon a time studied in Victoria and I am the User Interface Designer. Go for it. Alright. Think I'm just gonna put down one uh one C_D_. Anybody? No? no? Afro beat orchestra, very cool. Yeah. Fift S they like fifteen members from Brooklyn. Um and I'm hoping to go to the concert in Belgium, in Brussels in April first. Yeah. It's supposed to be in Brussels anyways. Um thing I love about Edinburgh Love um I just came from Glasgow and I'm um happy to say that there's the there's the same quantity approximately. Um. I w Does uh yeah. Ready? Minging? Nice. Uh-huh. Nice. Nice. I assume that we're building a stand alone uh remote control, we can't kind of build it into other uh products. For instance like a mobile phone or something like that. Or or you know can we produ can we sell a remote control phone for twenty five pounds or less? Yep. Okay. Mm-hmm. Nice. Hot. Now are we also discussing kind of our initial ideas at all here? S does anybody have any initial ideas? But I'm thinking I'm thinking kind of P_D_A_ uh design so touch screen design rather than button so that you can kind of flip around all sorts of different things. Too confusing. Mm-hmm. Possibly. I'm pretty sure there is. I mean I I have a friend who has a P_D_A_ that he just points at his telev any television he wants and it'll figure out the the specifications of it and will control it um so I th I assume that that can be done with uh kind of around the world. Oh. I like the idea of the uh multi plate. In in I like. We should c we should come up with a fuzzy one as well. For those cold winter days. Well if we bundle it as a phone then you can always call it. If you're not doing that then we can have something that just kind of rings from either well there used to be those whistling devices but that's a little bit annoying. Th Yeah. That's cool. I think we could design into that. Curves. We're talking twenty five Pounds or twenty five Euros? Slight difference I guess. No. Thank you.
Like that? Okay, cool. Okay? Right, so I'm just gonna start this PowerPoint real quick. Yeah, PowerPoint. Yeah, well, you know,. Yeah I kinda like this I'm kinda getting into it. Right. Um. So just to kick off the meeting basically um so we're working now for a real reaction, this is uh so it right. Just got an agenda to set out what we're gonna try to accomplish in this particular first meeting. Um We're gonna just do a quick opening and we can hopefully all get acquainted with one another um then we're gonna start talk a little bit about tool training. Essentially that means getting used to the only thing that we haven't tried out yet, the whiteboard. Um we've got a general plan for the project how we're gonna go about accomplishing this and then just a bit of discussion close up. Um I guess you know game or something um in real life um so yeah basically I want to I'm just gonna you got of course you can discuss that, I'm thinking about um uh proposing that since we've got this weird blend of ourselves and our roles that we just don't ask, don't tell. Um so um if you say something about marketing, right, sorted, um y is Exactly. Um I mean obvi if if you guys if if at the same time if you like logically if something doesn't like if I'm like we're gonna sell a remote control that's the size of this paper book you know um you say like well that doesn't seem like such a good idea because of X_ obviously go with it. I mean we'll discuss it but I'm not gonna ask do you know that or uh yeah it seems like yeah yeah exactly so, 'cause we're what we're sort of role playing is y g yeah you're gonna tap into your own knowledge as well um. And that's the same for your when we do introductions I mean um and you talk about your background you know have fun, you know maybe you went to um uh you know maybe i you're like in Maine you went to U_C_S_B_ but you wanna say you went to Harvard or something like that, why not, you know you can this is you know I guess we can have a little bit of fun with it. So are you guys okay with that does that seem logical? Sweet. Cool. So I guess that that we're totally we're making a remote control which is thrilling um uh but the idea is that we can make something based on the whole corporate model I dunno if you guys had time to check the in real life I dunno if you guys uh checked the um uh the corporate website. Um we've got to make something as fashionable as possible, that's kind of the corporate strategy is we're gonna try to take ordinary stuff that nobody really thinks about and try to make it nice you know like John Lewis nice or you know if you go to Debenham's or something. So um basically we are reinventing the wheel but we wanna try to do it in a user friendly um slick sleek kind of way. Um way we're gonna go about doing that is basically at first we're gonna start on the basics. And that's where I'm gonna need you guys the User Interface Designers and the um um the other designer that I can't remember, the the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ right um the Industrial Designer hey right on alright, getting into it um to guide me and guide us on this project 'cause you're gonna be you're g you guys are the bottom you know you're like no you can't do that you can't have you know X_ and Y_ um at the same time. And then um we'll work up from what is necessary to more like what would be good, you know like um I I think you guys probably got the same emails I did but the idea of um, yes a coffee pot needs to be able to hold coffee but it's also better if it's not like really cheap glass so that it if you touch it you hurt your hand, or something like that. Um and so we'll work up from there and um then we'll meet on and talk about it and then finally we'll incorporate as kind of the last stage you know where you guys build or tell me tell us what's possible and then you tell us what we can um hope for and what way to go take the the the take the basics and make it nicer and then ov obviously uh the U_I_D_ and the I_D_ you know you you can keep on the you know sort of at the cutting edge of how to get about maximising what is possible um to try t of sync it all up. So that's the detailed design. So it's a three stage kind of thing. Um right so for now just for th the white board um basically uh just to get used to it, I haven't tried it yet either um I'm just gonna start and um mm carry like five remotes around um and just write down I'm just gonna write down one of the names of my um desert discs you know if you if you were trapped on a desert island and you could only bring five C_D_s along with you name one of them that you could, not all five, if you wanna write all five go for it but name one of them that you could um. Oh, we skipped introductions. Nice. I'm a excellent Project Manager. Um. I'm Marty, um I went to uni at uh U_C_ Santa Barbara and I'm here working on a P_H_D_ in psychology. Um yeah. So Expert Don't play yourself down. Expert Where did you go to uni Nathan? Oh brilliant. Cool. My little brother goes there. Right so desert island discs. Yeah. Well I'll t i no no yeah I'm just gonna write a couple of 'em down. See I'm a big music fan I don't know if you guys are, I'm assuming everybody likes music to some lesser or greater extent but there's some other options, if you're a T_V_ slut like I am like Smallville terrible television show but I happen to love it, it's rubbish but I love it. T the the main c the main character? Wow. Is he a wanker? He looks really tall, like he's gotta be like six six. Yeah. Um okay so I really like Jeff Buckley. You guys heard of Jeff Buckley? Um that's cool 'cause like not very many people have. Um and um oh well I might as well throw a British person in there um you can't go wrong with Radiohead. It's a r Okay so it really works just like a pen only makes noises I think. It's kinda weird. Anyway yeah. Yeah, you're like press and it's. Kinda cool. You'll see. Alright so um whoever wants to get up next, you can write down some telly that you watch or whatever you want. Right on. W Mm. Nice. Okay yeah yeah. Well yeah. Oh, family guy. Isn't h has h do you watch the new season? I think I'm gonna start downloading it yeah. Mm-mm. Afro beat orchestra? Very cool. Mm. Wow. That's what a PowerPoint presentation is for. It's they're designed specifically to ignore. I it's th brilliant. Ah yes yes yes okay I see that. Vomit. Yes. Street pizza. It's so brilliant. I've seen more urine in this city than ever before, I mean It's so minging. Uh. I'm going local. Going local. I have to be here for three years so I might as well get the terminology right. Oh, have you been home yet? They'll be like, say something British, and you're like oh shut up family. Right you s you're gonna stay here? Wow. Bad religion? Yeah yeah, yeah. Well yeah that's why yeah. I miss coffee. Burritos. Oh yeah two two bucks. Where are you from in California by the way? Did you really? What part? Yeah I'm from San Diego as well. Yeah oh man. Going to s like North Carol I'm sorry you you just can't get a better burrito than what's available in the s in San Diego. Well it's it's i there's other things too there's you just can't place it like I when I went to school in the U_ in Santa Barbara which is central California the Mexican food is okay, it's just not good like and yeah it's like two bucks, like literally two bucks for this massive I miss yeah good call on that. Um just literally just metropolitan San Diego, I live like five minutes from the zoo. So North Park actually if you want to get real specific. Yep. Yes. On university, yeah. Yeah it's actually like literally half a mile from my house. Yeah, pretty cool. Small world as we were discussing before. Especially when we're all from the same general region. Right so okay, success on the whiteboard. You can harness the awesome power a little bit introductions we talked about some of our C_D_s and things we like about the city you know, I think we'll Um right so moving on to not fun stuff uh project finance. Um basically what we're trying to do is sell this remote for twenty five Euros. Um. This is what the finance department has told me, the C_F_O_ but I don't know, I'm not sold on this, it's pretty dear, I mean twenty f that's like you know forty bucks for a remote. It would have to pretty much like do my laundry for me. Um so what we can maybe work on that a later but we're gonna make a lot on it, the profit aims to make fifty million Euros on it. Eur internationally. So um one of the things I I was gonna mention to you um you guys the designers is that um it m we probably need a rever it needs to be a universal remote control probably. Um so something that could do N_T_S_C_ as well as PAL as well as various other formats like if it's gonna control D_V_D_s but um you know I'll leave that to you guys but that's something that i i it is gonna be an international sold thing. Um but we wanna try to make it for twelve fifty. So we wanna try to make a hundred percent profit on it if we can. Um s right so um just to close up, I'm not sure how much time I've used mm next time right Project Manager, sorted. Um. Is uh we'll meet in another half an hour or so um and I'd like the um Industrial Designer to get ge think about what needs to be done, like what the basic function of it. Um U_I_D_ well yeah you right g your assignments are up there and you'll also get s assignments from in your email as well more spec specifics on what do do. Um mm basic and um so I need you to tell us what um we what the user's gonna want. So actually in a way you guys c maybe in our next meeting chat a bit about what the user's gonna want and what the user can have, you know like uh so yeah well it is and we'll discuss the trade-offs in between um so yeah specific instructions will be sent in your email. But I think that that is more or less a good place to start for now um and as more things come up we'll have meetings and you'll get emails and so forth. Um any questions, before we get started? You mean to like Hmm. Yeah. Well, have a think about it. I mean I'm I'm certainly op it seems like yeah it it seems like it's certainly do-able isn't it. I mean um or if we can't have a full mobile phone maybe a remote that has some other kind of useful function. The clapper. No I mean no, good idea, good idea. We'll see what see what Uh-huh y I like that Yeah. That's true, I guess we we probably have some time, maybe we should brainstorm a bit like what we wanna do, go back to um I don't really have any. Let me bring up something about our basic goals here, what we want to accomplish. Uh project announcement. Ts ts ts Yeah. Not so much. All right we'll find them, we're on our own. Yeah yeah let's do it, let's do. I'm gonna go ahead and take notes on this too 'cause Yeah I mean oh yeah right. So initial ideas. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah that's slick isn't it. I mean like stylist yeah like a just a yeah. Right so we got five minutes more to chat about this, perfect. Um so we've got this kind of an idea of a trade-off between um uh size and functionality. Um and we also I'm also gonna note for future reference this idea of um so you like maybe like an L_ like a touch screen type of remote? I don't think one exists. Be a good idea. Yeah all the other universal remotes. Um I don't know if there's such a thing out there, I guess we could do some uh do some research on or one of us could do some research on it about whether or not there are um multi-format like um you know PAL, N_T_S_C_, region one Okay. Okay. Interesting. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um all right. So. I li I'm liking that idea, this idea of a touch screen remote with multi-format features. Um. Um. Let's see. Mm. Uh let's see. Um. Yeah yeah okay. Think they're just called face plates? I don't know. Um. Mm. But if we're bundling it unless we're selling their telly with the remote. Um Cou could we not do something where like just a little lit like literally just a very small kind of thing that comes with the remote that you could place something else that you press and it makes the remote page. Kinda like how on a lot of um uh cordless regular phones, you have a page button and it goes, could we do something like that? Um yeah I think this material quality as well like I guess what we can think about what kind of um uh you know Apple 's been really successful with this surgical white kind of business or this sleek kind of you know Yeah. Yeah. We do have the minimum am amount I mean we were talking finances I dunno, selling a a forty Pound remote would h or a forty Dollar remote, twenty five Euro remote would be pretty you know it's pretty expensive so maybe we might wanna trade off some of the features for a lower price. Without without getting into that whole like you know go down to bargain store remote you know bargain store universal remote that's black and you know m massive, some kind of I dunno a balance there in somewhere. But um have a think about what we can do, have a think about what we want to do, how we're gonna sell it and um Mm. Twenty five Euros. Yeah. They're all weaker than they're all stronger than the Dollar. Although, computer parts, all if you're gonna upgrade your computer, buy it in the States. Like um do you guys know Fry's? Huge computer uh electronics store? They serve um right they sa tha s they will sell things overseas so you can buy stuff in America and have it shipped over for like twenty thirty Pounds about. Right so um let's go ahead and wrap that up here for now, I'm gonna put these initial ideas that we've got in the um project documents, so if you guys wa need a reminder about what we've talked about um the different you know kind of trade-offs that we've got and the other ideas, you can consult them at your leisure. And uh right so thanks for that. Let's just uh head back to work on what we were talking about bef uh goi h h getting into. Um. Yes. Thanks guys.
";The Project Manager presented the project to the other participants by discussing the aim of creating a new, fashionable remote control device and defined the roles and tasks of each participant. The group introduced themselves to each other and trained themselves how to use the whiteboard tools. The Project Manager discussed the financial goals of the project, including the projected profit aim and price point for the device. The Project Manager gave each participant their assignments. The group then began a discussion of their initial ideas about the remote control and possible features. The Project Manager announced that he would make a report containing the discussion of the group's initial ideas about the device. 
"All set? Okay. Cool. Right. So um basically I'm just gonna go over real quickly um some news I've just got from the board on how we're supposed to do with this um remote control. And then I'm gonna turn over to you guys to make brief presentations um on what you've found and then we'll have a bit of discussion. So basically uh what I've just found out from the board I dunno if you guys got this email as well but it needs to be television only. So no we're not doing D_V_D_, we're not doing anything else, it's just gonna be a television remote. Um it also needs to have the company colours included in it. Um so that's red and black. And it has to have the slogan, case you guys forget the slogan it's, we put fashion in electronics. Um and no teletext. I'm not sure what teletext is but I'm assuming you guys do, so we don't wanna include that um in this particular design. For reasons that I don't really know. There's but it's the board so there you go. So basically um given those guidelines which will have some effect on how we design we'll discuss it later I mean 'cause it's television only we'll be able to change our uh um well we can s sacrifice more function for a better television remote. Anyway. So I'm gonna turn over to the Industrial Designer uh to go ahead and make a presentation on Oh, right yeah. Yep. Might have to hit function F_ eight but it looks like it's gonna come up. Yep. Cool. Brilliant. 'Kay. Mm. 'Kay. Fair enough. 'Kay. Is is there a way that we can use um modern types of polymers, or mo modern types of plastics that maybe do have some kind of aesthetic value um like if a white like if we talk about like well like on the lapt on these laptops and other ones they use a a pretty nice, you can do i is there some kind of nice colo der quality plastic that we can work with? Okay, okay. Great. Thank you very much Nathan. Um if next we can have the um User Interface Developer go ahead and make a brief presentation that'd be great as well. S plug yourself in here. Mm. Um hit function F_ eight real quickly, hold down Mm. There you go. Sweet. Yeah sorry I couldn't get that g to use before. Oh yeah look at that. Mm-hmm. Nice. Okay. Great. Thanks for that Ron. 'Kay yep that's you. Give it a little bit. That's great. Thank you Sarah. Right. So um yep I'll just uh switch that back here. I'll finish up with just a bit of discussion plan on for the next phase. Right so I think we've covered most of these important questions through this um through you guys's presentations um we've got uh y the Industrial Designer suggests uh or pretty much emphatically suggested that we need to go with plastic. Um Sarah, she's recommended that we go for simpler functions, so fewer functions um but we need to decide who are we selling this to, you s your stats suggested that seventy five percent of people under thirty five wanted, thought about voice control, um so do we wanna go for that, or do we want to go for an older demographic, and my thought is um we've got w if we're gonna go for a sleek look I mean we are putting the fashion in electronics um. Yes. So maybe this we should look into this younger demographic. Um. So uh we need to wonder ah h about how we make it better and smaller and faster um think we're constrained to plastics very well, we've got this idea, Ron was saying we need to think about uh revolutionising the way it's looking um, which might be easier given that we're going for simpler function and that we're only going for a telly. Um so um. How th this voice operation thing is I think is a good idea um assuming that it's doable, um at least for the basic controls, maybe we can balance it that way, you know we can see. Okay you can't say record alias tonight at seven P_M_ but we might be able to say um volume up. Mm. Right. The difficulty wh would be in um I think like i you couldn't speak into the remote that you're trying to find. 'Kay you have something that picks up a voice from far away If it's hidden under the couch but then again you have this wee this wee thing you know that's just a little chip or whatever that has the page button, maybe that could be voice activated too. Yeah. Or an isolated magnet or something like, or you know something that wouldn't interfere I don't know that'd be the technical thing but yeah I like that, I like that, the voice recognition for the paging system. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Absolutely. Mm 'kay um well yeah I guess we'll cross that bridge um in a la slightly later stages of development um but yeah I know, that's perfectly viable question. Mm 'kay um so I'm seeing that we're gonna just basically focus on this young demographic group, aim it at them, but then in a sense that its bells and whistles are available for anybody who wants them but basically we'll make a sleek simple functioned um uh remote control. Um I think this voice recognition thing is a we've got a market for it uh I don't think there's too many, we'd more or less be cornering the market on it as well, we don't have many um. I appear to have lost my microphone. Mm. Right um we don't have many people or there's not very many competitors out there that do that so cool. Um right. I guess we've c we've touched on most of this. The idea of a paging function, a touch screen, and face plates. Um. The thing with I see would there not be a we'd have to maybe sacrifice the face plates for a touch screen? Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay. Right. Yeah 'cause then ha you would have to who all it's not like with cell phones like where you have a you know Nokia model X_ and then ten people make face plates for it, we'd be just our model of pho of t remote control. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright well we can we can discuss that one further when we think about um whether th when we do costs and so forth, um. True, if plastic is dead cheap and if we're making the whole thing out of plastic anyway um yeah we'll cross that bridge later um but yeah we will have to evaluate what's most important. Um I think we've had a bit of discussion already on this thing, n s there any other questions comments that came up in these presentations? Yeah yeah okay. Um Yeah I think that would be best. Let's based on what sh on what you guys have all said to me let's go for a plastic built or uh b plastic cased 'cause tha tha that's easy on the cost, try to look for some kind of high quality recycled plastic as you recommended and I think that's a great idea. With a touch screen for the basic functions. Um And we'll yeah tha let's provisionally let's go for a touch screen one with several submenus um for possible extra stuff that one basically put the channel and the on and off switch on the touch screen. Um do we have Mm wait a minute it occurs to me that if we have a touch screen people are going to have to recharge their remote controls. Yet at the same time that might help for this whole complaint of it being lost. Mm-hmm. But then again that costs as well. Hmm. Do they? Okay. Well I I don't think yeah I can't see anybody buying a lap a remote control that they have to plug in so we'd have to see some kind of new battery technology. Okay so let's go with a um touch screen with um some kind of you know with with some kind of cutting edge battery technology Yeah well hey you know well it's it's worth looking into, if not we can always default to just doing a a well presented plastic simple you know so you know. Well yeah I mean you can put the we could I I dunno I mean I suppose we could put the the basics on the centre easiest you know, you know people know the channel and volume function make them large and easy to get at and then the the other the other bits and bobs you know go through menu um w we'll do the aesthetics. Okay so we'll touch screen and the battery, focus on um uh presentation. Um it's th uh with this voice recognition option as well um just as for the simple functions the um the on off, channels, volume, um and um a small paging function. Even if you can't do voice recognition for the paging you know just some kind of simple button that's just a I guess another infrared signal to the remote control and while to emit some kind of paging. Just a beep. Um right so any comments? Thoughts before we break into go into the next round of individual work on this. W it's my understanding that if you were going to do a skin you'd need to have some way for people to download or import skins into the remote control. Yeah I think perhaps good idea but yeah I think that that one m might just be um and they just yeah I think that one might just be out of the range for this particular a P_D_A_ would they would makes a lot of sense for a P_D_A_ 'cause you're gonna be using it to connect up to things anyway but I dunno, what do you guys think? Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I know I d it seems like it would suffice to have just the R_R_ on there. Jus But apparently not. So. Yeah. Well fair enough. Um and yeah that would help the battery life too and if it the remote they do have to press a button for the remote to turn on. But then again who wants to turn on a remote control. Kind of if i Oh to wake up okay or go into like a dormant mode. Okay. Oh yeah I like that I like the idea of um putting the logo in the boot up screen, nice. Um. Um cool so any last things before we break? Alright. Fair enough. Sounds good. I'm gonna save th a copy of this in case you guys need any reminders. I'm gonna save a copy of this and the minutes that I'll do it in a second and put them in the shared folder for later reference. Brilliant. That's fab guys. Cool.
Okay. So do I unplug this bit here? Okay. Right. That's page one of my presentation. So the uh method. We're gonna have to understand how remote controls work and res uh successfully complete this project. Um remote control works as follows. This is all pretty basic stuff you guys. Um sends message to another system, so there's an energy source involved in that like a battery or solar power, something along those lines, there's an integrated circuit, which is the microchip, um and that actually compose the messages and usually the way a a remote control works is it sends infrared bits to another system. A user interface controls the chip, basically that's the casing and the buttons and um accordingly the messages as well. So my findings, um I just did a preliminary study here and uh I found that too much metal in remote design could potentially cause interference with the ability of the remote to send commands. And too much metal can cause remotes to behave unexpectedly by receiving false signals. Um too much metal is used sometimes and people pick up radio signals and the like, and there's also the possibility of the remote catching on fire and injuring the customer, just think of those lawsuits, that'd be really bad. Therefore I suggest primarily plastic construction. Um, components. Just some ideas that I had, um, energy source, it's kinda hip to be eco friendly so I thought maybe we could do something with solar power with an alkaline battery backup. Um the user interface, I was since we can't use metal I was thinking maybe a high grade recycled plastic. The chip, um, silicon based chip I don't really see any way around that, we can't really be different in that respect. Um, the sender well I'm thinking infrared 'cause it is the industry standard, multi channel, that's a word I made up, I don't really know what it means. Uh PAL and N_T_S_C_ compatible and uh probably a two hundred foot range. Uh and the receiver of course is any number of electronic devices. Um but in this case it'll only be T_V_s. Um personal preferences, I really think that we should use plastic as opposed to metal, um, the company simply can't afford this kinds of lawsuits which adm admittedly is gonna come at the cost of a certain aesthetic value, 'cause we were thinking Right. Yeah that shouldn't be a problem. Um for example the plastic they have on your laptop there is something that's perfectly possible for us to do. That's the end of my presentation. Is it plugged in well? There it goes. Computer adjusting. Mm. Mm. Right. I think it would be possible to uh combine the locator device and the voice recognition technology. With a simple command like locate. And then it could start to beep and therefore be found. Oh yeah I think that's very doable. Mm. It's a good point. Yeah. Mm. I was thinking uh Oh go ahead. Yeah. Gotta wonder though, if we're adding so much technology to this one remote, are we still gonna be able to meet out twelve pou our twelve fifty Euro you know goal for selling these things. It seems like, we're not gonna be able to handle all these functions with just one microchip. The microchip is probably the most expensive part of the the whole mechanism. So it's just something to consider. Back to the uh the cost the material. We have to ask whether we're going to include a certain number of face plates with the package? That's something I w for say we're including three or four face plates, it's gonna drive the cost up. And the other question is, if we do include them are we really in a position to evaluate that market? We haven't done any tests on face plates and whether See if there if there's even interest out there. Off the top of my head it sounds kind of like a gimmick that wouldn't really go anywhere. Yeah. Can we afford to include one of those? Right. Okay. Since we're doing uh touch screen, do we wanna look into the possibility of people being able to input different types of skins for the you know the actual interface part of it and things like that? Or is it just gonna be one touch screen for everybody. What what would be on that touch screen? 'Cause you said earlier that we have to think about company colours and um logo or something or motto, I can't remember exactly what you said. 'S too much. Think we just need to come up with a nice black and red interface on the touch screen. That'd be okay. Mm. True. People aren't gonna want their remote to boot up and to see flashing things come on. They just want it to be on and ready to go.
Th Well so. Here we have a uh my technical functions design presentation. Um so a few of the requirements we need here. Uh we n basically need to operate an electronic device, it needs to be universal um and possibly uh operate several different types of devices although we now uh find that uh that that's no problem. Um so some of my findings. Um basically wanna send messages uh to a television set. Um that would be any number of different things uh such as switch on the television, uh switch to the next channel, that sort of thing, I think we're all quite uh quite uh intelligent and know know what a normal remote control does. Um now some of the other things I found is a a complicated remote control sorry that we can't quite see my red there very well but uh this remote control has many functions um so it can do a lot of things but it uh it is quite complicated and most users will find it uh find that they won't use most of the functions because they don't know how to use them and don't wanna take the time to learn how to do it. As you also notice it's quite a boring design. Um. Another remote control, slightly different, it's a simpler remote control uh many less buttons but uh has many fewer functions, um m much easier for the user to manipulate and use. Um it also has a bit of a cheap look and it's also quite boring. So my personal preferences. Revolutionise the idea of uh a remote control. Um so attain the functionality of a complicated device but use a simple formatted display uh for the user to to work with. And I was gonna add another uh slide here but I didn't quite have time there. Um. Just incorporating some of the ideas that we had previously like uh having multiple face but it's uh. I can plug you in. Sounds good. A little sticky pad to stick on top of your uh television. And you just say something to into that and it finds your The other thing is we might be able to handle the simplicity of a remote control and kind of put the more complicated things into a voice control. So it could be sold to both the younger market and the older market. And the younger market could use kind of the voi voice control method and the older market might might k exactly and might consider the older market could use the simpler design with the traditional buttons and what not. 'S definitely an option technically. I've looked into uh costs of uh touch screen methods and what not, they seem to be uh you know almost as cheap as a button method at this point. Um I'm not sure that's sincerely correct, I think if you kind of take the example of a mobile phone that uh trying to pass a portion of the device is not interchangeable whereas the surrounding portions are interchangeable. We could have the casing, the the face plates. Well hopefully some people have people coming t over to w to hang out at your house and most people have their televisions in the living room. Uh. Sure. Well have we confirmed that we're gonna go ahead with a uh touch screen um Interface? So these new lithium batteries they last twenty years even with the touch screen? Those new ones. Be interesting. We put fashion into electronics. Yeah. Uh I I'm I'm in agreement with that, I'm wondering how we're gonna get uh we put fashion into electronics onto this device. I'm hoping for a subliminal maybe half a millisecond as it turns on. Mm-hmm. Well all you have to do is touch the screen and it automatically goes on. Yep. Goes into a sleep mode. I've put my files in the shared folder as well.
Okay. Gotta plug you in. Very nice. For your first PowerPoint it's lovely. Fine. It needs, yeah. Cool. Looks like you're in okay. There you go. Right. Does that mean I'm up? I think so. Okay. Oh that would be perfect. Thank you. Slide show up and running. Or not. Uh. Oh there we go. Perfect. Okay. So this is me. Um basically I was looking through some marketing reports that we've got and we had a usability test where we were actually sort like watching a hundred people use T_V_ remotes and see what it is that they're using and then they filled out a questionnaire about what they like and what they don't about their general T_V_ remote control practices. Um pretty much through testing we were finding out that most of the time, everybody's used to using changing the channel, turning it on, using the volume, m the majority of the time that's all that's going on, the other functions happen, for some people they're important, but the primary uses are really really basic. Um and so big complicated remotes like one we saw in the last presentation are really not the general public's use, they're not using a lot of it, they don't need it, they even find it frustrating when there are all those buttons that they don't know what to do with. And um we also found out that uh fifty percent of our people, their the worst thing about a remote is how often they lose it. And then they can't find it in the room. So I think what we were talking about with a pager or something, will really come into play with a lot of these people. Um there's also a survey about what they liked about remotes, and pretty much they all think they're hideous and not very useful, and the younger demographics are all really interested in voice recognition options. I don't know if that's something we're ready to look into technically, that's up to the design people, but it is s something worth thinking about, especially since the younger demographic's obviously the one that's gonna keep growing, so if that's the direction we're headed in it's something to think about. Um but basically it really is the primary functions and getting it to look nice, which are the standards. So it's a good start for us. Need to unplug this? Need it back. There you go. Oh right. We're not catering to the pensioners of the world I don't think so. Right. Right. Uh. Right. Yeah. Oh. That could work. I like that. Yeah. Something very basic. Right. Is that only gonna be within our two hundred foot range then? Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. K Yeah. True. Making it just an option? Yeah. Right. Are we still thinking about this screen sorry. Go ahead. The uh if we're gonna do this touch pad screen thing, it would be still, do we know if that's an option technically right now to that? Okay. Okay. We're doing okay. 'Cause it seems like an interesting option especially because then you could have like your primary screen just be these you know four or five basic functions, you can have menu options or something to have all these other complicated voice recognition, settings, things that you're not gonna use every day and that a lot of people aren't gonna use but it is an option there for this hi-tech market that sort of re is the sleek thing we're going for. True. Worth looking into. Yeah. True. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Just the casing. Mm. Yeah. Right. Mm. Right. Well in the publicity of a face plate on a phone is you have it out and around, it is sort of emblematic whereas you're just sit at home, so unless somebody comes over to watch T_V_ True. True. True. Yeah. Oh yeah. True. 'Cause it would have a docking base? Yeah. Can we afford that? And will somebody buy it if we don't? Right. For twelve Euros? It is. Fair enough. The basics. Mm. 'Kay. Mm. And oh. Yeah the the fashion do. Yeah. Right, and then you're dealing with ports and cords and Yeah. For now. Yeah. Nice. Um. Well but if we're gonna use a touch screen where it's gonna come on like on your cell phone it'll have your your carrier provider name come up first like while it's loading and then it goes away, perhaps it could be like a temporary Comes on every time you turn it on and then that's it 'cause it is a bit much to have it like engraved on the back or something I think. Yeah. Y Yeah you would think. But. If it comes from above. Yeah. Mm. We're good? Yeah.
";The Project Manager went over new requirements for the project: that the device was solely to control television, and that there would not be a teletext component. The Industrial Designer gave his presentation on the basic components of a remote control device, and advised the group to use plastic for the casing material instead of metal. The User Interface Designer presented the technical functions of remote controls and compared the interfaces of two existing remote control products. The Marketing Expert made a presentation of the needs and the desires of the consumer and emphasized simplicity as one of the most desired features. The group discussed in more detail the features that will be added to the device: the possible applications of voice recognition, the touch screen menu interface, faceplates, and the look of the company logo. 
"'Kay. I'll go first. No Nathan's fine. It's either Nathan or participant two. Uh. Okay. Um, basically what I'm gonna have to talk to you about today is um component design and it's been brought to my attention that we may be somewhat limited as to what we can do because of what our manufacturer offers, so Basically what I'm gonna be doing is talking to you about that. Um, components of a remote control, okay. We've already kind of gone over this but we're gonna have to get into more detail and probably have to reach some conclusions some time soon. Energy source, um, our manufacturer offers a variety of energy sources, your standard battery, solar cells. Our manufacturer didn't say anything about lithium so we might have to look if we do go that route, we might have to look elsewhere. Um, and also there's a kinetic energy possibility. Basically, it's like a um the idea of moving the remote would create enough energy to keep it running. So that's one possibility but I don't know whether that would be powerful enough to illuminate a touch screen. So we'll have to look into that. Um, the case, we have a few options, plastic, rubber or wood. Um and then as far as the way it's shaped, we can do standard boring flat, which we probably don't wanna do, curved or very sexy double curved. Um, I imagine that we could specify. Um, I don't see any reason to go outside of the convention of three or four millimetres. Yeah. Um, the buttons, there are multiple scroll buttons available from our manufacturer, but to use those we'd have to use more chips, um and that would cost us more. And if we do go with the rubber doubled curved case um we'll have to use rubber push buttons because the other buttons aren't compatible with that. Um and just a little note there, touch screen equals many chips which equals many Euro. Um, one thing that I noticed was that most remotes operate on a infrare on the infrared part of the spectrum. So you notice when you push a button on a remote you can't see anything coming out of it but in fact there is light coming out of the remote and you know the television can detect that. And if you were to record if you were to make a video recording you could actually see the light. Uh one thing that I thought might be interesting was to use part use visible light coming out of the remote, just kind of as a fun gimmick. So you could actually see something coming out of the remote when you pushed it. Course it'd have to be a part of the spectrum that wouldn't damage the human eye or anything like that. Yeah. I am sure that we could do that. Um, of course Yeah, just as a fun gimmick. Just to set us apart a little bit. Um, and then on to the circuit board that we're gonna use, also known as the chip. Uh, we really don't have any way around the T_A_ one one eight three five. Um findings, okay, we're very limited by what our current manufacturers can offer, um and my question to all of you is, should we look to other manufacturies or should we just make do with what we have available? 'S a bit of a challenge question. Right, that's my concern too. Um, if we do go the lithium battery route then we'll have to go outside our current manufacturer. My personal preference is I'll just throw my cards on the table, uh I think we should probably go the solar battery route, just to kinda keep with the environmentally friendly theme that we have going on. Uh, I like the idea of the visible light signalling, that's something to set us apart and uh I was thinking about I was thinking of ways that we could produce the remote in a variety of different case materials to suit different tastes. So we're not so confined by one style and say some you know, say our the one if we just go with one and it doesn't go over well then we're in a bad situation. Oh yeah, you're welcome. Mm. Mm. Hmm. I should have mentioned this um. As far as the rubber that we can use we can use a rubber as part of the case, it has a consistency of those stress balls. Mm. I like the idea of of rubber too because it's tends to be associated with being durable, something that you can drop and it doesn't matter. 'Cause so many you go to so many houses these days and you see broken remote controls. Taped with duck tape and what have you, you wouldn't have that problem if you used rubber. Mm. No. Yeah. My estimate is that in order to incorporate touch screen technology it's gonna cost us upwards of seventeen fifty Euro per remote, yeah that's just an estimate though. I know. It's fun. I thought there was some flexibility with that. That's just off the top of my head, it is pending further emails. Right. It is the new it would be in a class of its own. It's true. We could initially go with what we have and if we can find them cheaper later on Yeah. I think if we we do both the obviously production costs are going to go way up um but it does put it into it'd become the Rolls Royce of remote controls basically. It would be very nice. Yeah, 'cause you you just upping the number of chips that you need to deal with each different function. I would have to side with that, I think the voice recognition is simpler, we already have the all the technology in-house, it's ready to go, it's packaged, it's Um, this is just off the top of my head keep in mind, but I think the voice recognition would they're both mm they're both gonna push the costs up, but um, since we already have the technology in-house for the voice recognition we're not gonna have to do as much design work and sometimes the design work is what push the costs up, if you know what I mean. Yeah. Are we going to talk now about um the materials that we're gonna use for the case and all those things? Okay. Um, the solar power definitely would be but I think just to keep people from getting annoyed, 'cause sometimes solar power fails and there's no way round that, we should install a small backup battery. Just to cover those moments when for whatever reason, the remote hasn't been exposed to It's true. Yeah, it works about the same as a solar powered calculator, and you know how those those don't really require that much light, um, but obviously a little more light than a calculator, but we're not talking about a lot of light. Doesn't have to be out taking a sunbath for a few hours a day or anything. Hmm. Why, why moving away from hand-held, why? What's the uh idea? Hmm. Do you think people that are people that buy a remote, are they always gonna wanna use the voice recognition or is it just something that they do sometimes. Right. I think, I think you're on to something because we need to escape the traditional shape of a remote. Maybe something that looks nice on a table is would be good, even though and hand-held the same time. Yeah, those are nice. Mm. Okay. Right. Just kind of the squishy feel. Sorry about the uh lack of information on cost, I just haven't been provided that information by our manufacturers and I'm just having to guess. Right. If, if we're not going the touch-screen route then we can um just incorporate maybe something that folds out like what you often see on these kinds of remotes is the most basic functions up here and something that slides down to reveal the you know more complicated things. Yeah. Right. So are we gonna are we talking we need to figure out what kind of buttons we're going to use, are we going to use scroll buttons? Rubber buttons? Um Right. Right. So have we decided that we are gonna go with different style cases for different people? Or are we just going to go with one? ..It's very, it's very hard thing to predict because you have different cases and that might open up your market a little bit obviously, but if you have just one case and it doesn't go very well mm. It's a tough situation, but obviously having more cases also costs more so There's an idea. Right. Oh excellent yeah. That sounds good.
Mister participant two that is. Interesting question. Yes. Did you? I like it, I like it. Yes. Fabulous. We can have a duck tape casing. It could go with the granola crowd. Phew. Computer's adjusting. One moment please. So interme interface concept by your faithful user interface designer. So yur user interface, guys, is basically aspects of a computer system that we can see or hear, or otherwise uh perceive. Uh, commands and mechanisms, that basically user uses to control the operator operating system. Here's a d series of different remote controls that are out on the market today. I think we're definitely trying to get away from this kind of a look. Um, so the following are a bunch of different uh interface uh concepts. Uh voice recognition, we we um actually have some new uh information from our research design team but uh I'll get to that in a moment. Um, so current voice recognition starts up to about eighty speech samples, um and basically you record your own verbal labels c and connect them to the remote control. Now our design team, research team, has been able to uh set up a system in which uh you can teach the remote control voice c recognition system to respond to um with standard responses. Like you could say good morning uh remote control and it'll say in a sexy female voice, Good morning Joe. Um. In fact we already have this for a coffee maker line On the remote control right. Um, another concept is what uh Apple has come up with, the spinning wheel with uh L_C_ display like on the uh iPod which I am sure most of you know about. Um and then we have the scroll button with integrated push-button, kind of like a modern a bit bulky, a bit crazy, I don't think that's we're necessarily going for. And uh some special components, uh ideas like uh blocking, having the ability to block channels from your for your children um and uh dedicated buttons for for commonly used uh channels and even uh ideas like secured or hidden programming but uh I again if we go with touch screen I don't think that's a big issue. Um and uh this is kind of the uh the big daddy of remote controls here. Uh the jumbo universal remote control is almost impossible to misplace or lose. Um, again probably not what we're going for so I I mean my ideas here and kind of where I think we're heading is something slightly larger than a regular iPod uh with a hard cla c uh plastic casing although I think some of the suggestions we've come up with are definitely uh very good ideas. Uh changeable casings uh our design team was possibly talking about including one extra face plate with the package to kind of set the idea that you can change it and you can try changing it and kind of get used to thinking about maybe buying another one which can add value to our uh bottom line. Uh touch screen interface, um possibly having go-to buttons being uh stuck into the system so those don't move away from the screen, uh, the important ones like power, volume and jump between channels. Um, and of course our voice command system which I've talked a little bit about already and uh the use of recognisable colours and shapes to aid recognition of the features um that are around so red for power, um arrows for different volume ups and downs and channels ups and downs and what not. And uh perhaps even adding in some stupid little jokes with the voice recognition idea like perh mm for instance my toastie maker that I got from my bank has jokes when it's ready. And uh that is about it. Oh you guys are always the dampers on these projects. You industrial designers. Where do you guys come up with these numbers? I'm thinking that's uh definitely a good idea and I also think that we could probably come up with some sort of a cheaper uh means to to go about this kind of production, my my team in the uh on the third floor suggested that uh Yeah. I mean I think that we really have two main selling points, I think that our casing and the voice recognition To be honest, we have the capa we have the design in-house, I mean we've we've come up with this, with this new voice we're using it for our coffee machines already. I can pass you on that email from my uh guy in uh guy down the hall. Sounds good. I mean we we have to r reflect back on what our market research did say. Does having both really up our costs? Well my p is Um, I definitely have to agree with that last comment. It's you and me outside a little here. Calculator. I'm willing to agree with everything that's been said. Uh I have to say though that um another idea's come up in my head. If we're really not uh handling the remote control to a great extent we could possibly get away from the idea of having a hand-held remote control and maybe kind of have a round remote control that kind of looks like a paperweight or something like that, kind of a sleek little uh neat thing that sits on your table or something. Just a thought. Well if you don't need to pick it up it could kind of be a selling point. I think it's all about following Apple's lead on a lot of these things. Mm-hmm. Exactly. Think then we're hitting our cost issue again. I think to a certain extent we have to stick with uh kind of uh a little bit traditional in terms of the buttons and then and then make our unique feature our casing and what not and our voice command. Well what are we actually doing? What were Sure. And again copying iMac's kind of for iPod Mac Apple's uh colour scheme. Fabulous.
That went well, thank you. Perfect. Go ahead. Nice. Mm. Right. Right. Nice. Interesting. Mm. Good call. Choose it. Well I'd say shop around but with our time constraints, is that really a feasible option? Right. Right. Um It's an option, uh but actually there's I've got some research already on like what we're looking at and trends in casing right now which actually might even come into play beforehand, it may help us decide for now. Temporarily anyway. I guess so, 'cause I found some interesting things. You waiting for me? I know, what a teaser ain't it. Um. Right. So current market trends. Screen. Um, basically I was looking at what's going on in the remote control market right now and what's going on in other design fields, to see sort of what's what's trendy, what's new, what's happening. Um, remote control right now basically everybody says they want newer, fancier, more exciting they're sick of this boring, normal, functional, um that we need innovative design options and there needs to be an easy user interface. Um the challenge is that current trends right now, across the board in fashion, in furniture, in technology, is a very organic fruit and vegetable kind of thing. Now I'm not saying we should have, you know, tomato shaped remote controls or anything, but I think it is possible maybe to use um natural colours, like if wood is an option, that whole organic, sleek, clean, v line thing may be something we can look into. Different skin options, or if we can't afford this touch plate thing, or touch face screen interface um, maybe having the b images be specific, like you could choose your menu bullets to be a different shape or okay, not the example I would choose, but you know what I mean to t sort of and th apparently the feel of the next couple of years is spongy, uh not something I I've come up with a though if we can get around to getting piloting, I thought maybe a casing option like uh not like a skin, but like a holder almost if you could do like um, leather options or wood options or something Mm-hmm. Mm. Might be an interesting way to go. Um, yeah so something to sit on for now. So overall I think we should stick with what we're finding, everyone's looking for easy to use, technologically innovative and this fancy new I think perhaps the double curve thing and maybe this rubber option is our best way to go for right now. Um. Yeah. Um. Well I d but then if the touch screen thing isn't gonna work out for us that's really a non-issue. True. Very true. Very true. Very much so. Um We could. I think that goes against the whole fancy something, a new line, but worth a shot. Ah, it could be, it could be, um. Yeah that's what I know. No problem. Mm. Yeah. Very true, very true. Mm. Hmm. Okay. Mm, right. Mm. Nice. Mm. Mm. I think it's our most marketable feature just because it's so new and it's something that is showing up in other places. But can we really afford it 'cause it looks like they would be, that would be a really main cost source then right? Per? Piece. I know And our goal was to be under twelve fifty or we have to be under twelve fifty? Do we remember? Okay. Can we justify it? Right. Though I think that's what people would pay for, I mean if you're gonna pay for an expensive high class remote, you're gonna expect it to do something Yeah. Right. Yeah. See if we can cut some corners. Right. Well and we can look into this other manufacturing option, and maybe we can get 'em somewhere else cheaper. Right. It's a starting point anyway, so. Mm. Yeah 'cause with voice recognition I mean really this is pretty bells and whistles kinda remote. I think we'd have to decide between 'em definitely. Price-wise. True. We've already got it. Pretty much. Right and they said they wanted voice recognition. Course, maybe they hadn't thought of this whole touch screen option, but definitely we know the market is there for voice recognition so to say we have the technology and we're not gonna use it even though we know it'll sell is a call I don't think I can give the highs ups. Like really I can't go in and say no we're gonna just ignore everything we know. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we already have research backing voice recognition as you know fiscally solvent. But uh I I I personally would tend to another direction but if that's what's gonna sell I think that's what we need to go with and maybe we can table this touch screen for our next model. Mm. Right. Right. And we're still not then we don't have to deal with this battery issue nearly as much either, we can stick with what we've already got. In a lot other ways too. I think it's our lower risk option which for right now we can have it on the market sooner which is all in all our best option. So and when are we gonna have basic prototypes coming up next that's you guys's next step right? Right. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well what of people with like the T_V_ in their basement, like what if wha we can't guarantee sunlight everywhere so having a secondary source is probably Yeah. True. True. Right. Okay. Uh Interesting. I if it's got voice recognition it can be technically anywhere in your room and still do its job. True, and i probabl I think we're banking on selling it to more than just voice recognition people, like we want it to work fundamentally as a basic manual too, right. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. With the bu yeah. Mm-hmm. True. Way to go. Yeah I'm thinking of the airport portal, you know like that little pod looking thing? Right. That would be kinda neat. Terracotta bowl or something. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, which is the next big thing, so that's not gonna hurt us either. Right. Handy. Okay. Mm. Right. Well when the majority of people are only using the most primary functions on a daily basis, although I'm not saying we should completely rule out major functions, they should be secondary, at least if not functionally then visually, like those shouldn't be Take precedence, yeah. Right. And they slide. Well and do we wanna consider like an iPod screen which isn't a touch screen but you're still scrolling through menu options, in p True, we're still not making it easier then. True. Fair enough. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah it's just a scroll. Yeah. Yeah. Probably. Right. Mm. Well no it's basic just like four directions that are that can use as menu or channel and volume or however you wanna do it, are really versatile and everybody's already got them to some extent on the remotes they already own so it's not like we're dealing with everybody relearning things 'cause that's not something anybody's gonna wanna buy a new for. Mm. Right, particularly in technological fields, so that's exactly where we're headed. Uh. Oh it wasn't in the way but yeah, whatever. No, don't worry about it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, get in there. Yeah, totally. Cool. Cool.
That's great. Alright, let me just PowerPoint this up. Right so um this meeting will be about the conceptual design, don't ask me s precisely what conceptual design is, it's just something important that we need to do. Um, think of it 's kind of uh turning the abstract into slightly more concrete. In this meeting ideally we'll come to some final decisions on what we're gonna do for the prototype. Um. Right so um, apologies for the last meeting, it was brought to my attention that I did not make the roles clear enough, um, so I will attempt to do so more accurately in this particular meeting. Um, fair enough, thanks for the input, 's always good. Um. So, basically all we're gonna do is have some presentations again much like last time, um, and gonna go through you, uh whoever wants to go first is f fine by me um and we'll collate what we know about um what we discussed in the last meeting, possible directions. And then we'll make some more decisions on um basic uh firm up our idea on how we want this remote control to look and work. So, perfect. So, without th further ado, whoever wants to go first is free to. Alright Nathan, take it away. It is Nathan right? I'm not calling you the wrong name over and over again? Good. Nice. Mm. Hmm. What kind of th thickness are we looking at? Okay, brilliant. Hmm. Hmm. M Maybe is there an option that we can have that off or on so a person can select like Yeah I like the idea, it's a good idea. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Can we do marketing piloting too? Try to see what kind before we launch can we see how they're received? Okay. Okay. Okay, perfect. Great, thank you very much Nathan. That's perfect, so I guess that makes sense for you to take it from here. Fascinating, compelling even. Tomatoes. Slick, slick. Interface, oh the interface graphics for the um Yeah. Mm. Yeah, it's like, yep it's ubiquitous isn't it? Great, thanks for that Sarah. Ron? Yeah. Lot of single people on the um on the re on the remote control research team at the Mm. Mm. Yeah, I can see. Mm. Great. Great, wonderful Ron, cool. Lot of good ideas, good facts to have. That's what they need, it's like a little dongle it just sticks up this further so you don't have to stand up every time, just connect it, my kingdom. Right so, good to know all that stuff, thanks guys, um. Now we kind of have to come to some decisions, um, I figure we can just go down the line and all three of us can have a chat about it. Um. Based on what Nathan presented as far as the um various costs and benefits um I think, I dunno, what do you guys think about the touch screen at this point? 'Kay. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. To produce each one. Mm. Hmm. Well. There is, it's just, it is a question of and how much ca o does that mean we're gonna have to increase the price to make money. Um, from twelve fifty if we d wanna get our fift uh hundred per cent profit margin um that would mean selling it from twenty five. If you multiply seventeen fifty by two that's thirty five. So From the board, um, well That's true, I mean And that's to be fair the um the per cent of the market we're not going for mass any you know, mass sales anyway, we're gonna make I mean we we're not talking about selling eight zillion of these things, we just couldn't, not for twenty-five Euros, so we could probably maybe shrink the profit margins rather than selling for twenty five, sell 'em for thirty, but that's something that we can have finance deal with. Um, I say that we provisionally go with the touch screen or wh y wh what was your thought on the matter Ron? Mm. No we could have a s very simple touch screen, you know, there's always the opportunity, if it's gonna be about the size of the iPod or whatever, you know, w we yeah, I guess we can play around with it a bit. Alright, let's let's say that okay so the touch screen will be our um our main selling point here. So The voice rec thing, I mean, if if we're looking at bottom line, now we're looking at upping the cost to seventeen to get the touch screen on, I think we might have to drop the voice rec. Yeah. Hmm. What do you think on it Nathan? About the voice rec? Mm. Yeah. I can't see how it wouldn't, I mean, there's you know the old aphorism, you can have it fast, you can have it cheap or you can have it quality, pick two of three. You know, you can't you can't have all three. It's just impossible. Well if we're gonna pick betwe e alright so we have to pick between one of the two. Um. Otherwise, yeah, we just it just becomes cost prohibitive. What which, which do we suspect we should hold o we should hold on to? 'Kay. What does the cost look like Ron? Is it cheaper to do the V_R_ or to do the uh touch screen? Nathan? Mm. Right. Mm. Okay. So I'm getting alright so more or less you guys think that o o of the two of 'em, the voice recognition will be better. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Sorted. We will omit the touch screen in favour of voice recognition. Yeah, well we'll we'll sic we'll sort out what it what f what else we're gonna talk about for the prototype but yeah that's our next step, it'll be a developing of prototype. Yes. We'll just run through it yeah, yeah, um. You discussed either a lithium or a solar power. Would the solar power be enough to fuel a voice recognition? Or this kinesthetic one, would that be enough to fuel a voice recognition remote control? Mm. Mm. Yep. Right. Okay. What do you think Ron? Okay. Hmm. Yeah. Well we have to have buttons on it too as well. But that's done, that's no bother I mean if you look at the catalogue from places like with sharper image or whatever you know they might have or like um who is it, Apple makes these really pretentious speakers with the th sub-woofers you know like clear and glass and you know and then they got these little pyramidal type of um speakers. I mean, why not have a little rounded kind of thing, it could still have the basic buttons on it. Um, 'cause we're going for basic functionality primarily as well. And maybe a menu button and so forth, you know um use a channel button to scroll through the menu d if they want to record programmes or whatever you know I mean we can sort that out. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I mean a nice although we do um wh uh is I'm recalling that she mentioned that we n need to get away from the surgical white kind of brushed aluminium thing and get back to it but you could have a very tasteful um wood coloured or earth tone kind of um Still, I mean, yeah, along those lines. Yeah I like that, I like that idea a lot. Um, let's see what we can do as far as that goes. And the uh the material like the plastics and so forth, we were discussing that being uh using like a rubber kind of softer feel, um you know li lik if you feel the the tip on this pen it's a bit gives just a bit. You know something where it's uh a a more advanced f form of plastic that has some kind of a tactile response to it. Mm 'kay. Yeah let's see if we can do a squishy non-remote control-looking remote control. But to be fair, yeah, I mean, you just c you could just put it literally put it on the the ni the coffee table next to the telly and say volume up. Yeah I like it, I like the idea, that's good. Um and we've sorted of discussed costs, um. I guess we'll a that's gonna be uh a thing, if we run a bit over-budget, that might be okay, um. We'll have more of an idea when the prototype have more of a we'll have more of an idea later on. Um. And we just yeah go from there. Um, so we've revisited the touch screen and more or less ruled that out, um, I think so we're more or less con we wh wh we're more or less in agreement that we want to have a um a simple kind of function, you know, not too complex. Like maybe have menu things. Mm. Yes. Yeah we've also got the the me the thing of, if we're gonna have a non-remote-looking remote, how do we yeah. B But no I mean we could do a slide or a compartment, you know, like if it say it's a lit little vaguely ovoidal type of thing, it'd be easy to have a compartment in there. Or you know, a b a b a a series of you know three or four buttons with a menu button and then a side an s up and down type of thing, like on um like on a D_V_D_ player. You know you see the modern D_V_D_ players'll just have um a menu button on the side and then four buttons around them and you can just kind of manoeuvre through the menu like that. Well it seems like I dunno it seems to me that we could just do the um stick with the rubber 'cause since we're probably gonna be using some kind of um rubber for the outside case we might as well stick with that um. Mm 'kay, um. We've already kind of covered this as well. That seems to be selling um and we we've more or less agreed that we want to kar target this youth market, um. Especially now with eighteen to thirty five year olds being such a large quantity of the population. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Okay. Um. Yeah alright, well, more or less covered what we need to cover I think fi an an any final thoughts before we think about doing the protot moving on to the prototype. Right. I was just gonna step on to um I wasn't? Oh, my bad um sorry. The um, yeah okay I was just gonna assign tasks in the next b anyth any oth any other final thoughts before we go ahead and cool? Um. Yeah. Well then again colours wouldn't be so hard to do, you could have uh a, you know, a um uh kind of a natural wood colour, like a stained wood and um, I don't know, olive green or something. That wouldn't be so much of a problem to incorporate into the colour of the thing. Yeah, I think that's probably a good id okay so let's work on uh multiple case colours. But yeah, stick with the same kind of kinda yeah, the same basic non-remote kind of remote design. Cool. Alright, so we'll have the next meeting about half an hour, um. I want the uh I'd like Nathan, I'd like you to work on just the basic look and feel, what can we accomplish, um, given these parameters that we're just gonna sort of have this kind of uh non-remote remote. Um, what are our broad constraints before we deve design a prototype. And um Ron if you can figure out how probably best to lay out this idea of this simple design with the voice recognition built in and also this kind of drop down or s on the side kind of menu options simple. Somehow work out how we can get this all s in the same place. Um, and if you can check product evaluation with m some pilots and stuff. Um I need you guys to work together on making a prototype, um using um prototype building materials um. And also um specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches as well. So that's what to start with for now, is that alright, you guys feel clear about this? Alright. I guess we'll just hit the bricks. Thanks guys.
";The Industrial Designer presented an analysis of cost and the manufacturing options that were available to the group. The Marketing Expert presented market trends and the organic trend that this project would adopt. She discussed materials that could be used to follow this trend. The User Interface Designer presented several interface concepts including voice recognition, a spinning wheel design, and a touch screen interface. The group then discussed the features of the device. They discussed the costs and benefits of using either voice recognition or the touch screen interface, and decided on voice recognition based on their marketing data that favored it. They decided to use solar power to power the device. The group discussed the non-traditional look the device could have since the voice recognition would allow it to be stationary. They discussed using rubber for the case. The group talked about hiding the complicated functions from the main interface, using rubber for the buttons, and having different cases to suit different tastes. The Project Manager reiterated that the product was being marketed towards the youth market, and then gave out assignments and instructed the group to work together to build the prototype. 
"All set? Cool. Alright, it is PowerPoint time. I've done more PowerPoints in this particular experiment than I've ever done in my life before this experiment which is kind of fun. So uh here we have our detailed design meeting where we will um look at the prototype and um right so um, I finally figured out what this whole second bullet point is about in my that my coach was sending to me. It means I'm supposed to read the minutes from the previous meeting. I think. I don't know. Otherwise it's just saying I'm the secretary and I'm therefore I'm taking the minutes, s so just to go um just real briefly to go over minutes from last meeting, uh, I will open them slowly, no? Wait for it, wait for it. No. That's how the Wait. This is, this is very high-powered stuff here, double-clicking, there we go. So um basically the moral of the story from our last minute uh last meeting was that um we that we had meetings from uh we had presentations done by the Industrial Designer, uh or from Nathan, and Ron and from Sarah about what we can do here um and what sort of limitations we're operating with um uh excuse me what limitations we're operating under, what kind of risk we'd be looking at with some of the various approaches we were discussing and we essentially came to the conclusion that we should develop a remote with uh voice recognition, I_E_ that had a vaguely non-remote like shape um because you didn't really need to use it as a remote since you could just use your voice. That would include some mostly just the simple design features for a television operation but with a slide or a fold-out bay for more advanced functions for users. Um, and uh the uh uh the U_I_D_ and the I_D_ were asked to go ahead and start developing a prototype for us to look at. So. That's sorted, back to the main meet here, um, go ahead and take it away guys. Mm-hmm. Nice. Perfect. Oh, right. Oh well done yeah, yeah oh ok Edible televisions, it's a wave of the future. Brilliant. Brilliant. Cool. No, no I think that's Right, yeah thanks guys that's very, very good work. I like it, brilliant. Um, what we need to discuss now is the finance of it, um I got me you've got you provided a number that actually sounds quite nice. Um the trouble is I was just given this by finance. Um, it's a spreadsheet of the parts and I've just tentatively put in what it's going to look like um. I'm just gonna clear this out real quickly, but it looks like So we'll just if we can just itemize what's in here, we've got this it's a solar cell thing right? With a back-up battery? With the ba okay. Um and Clever, clever, well done. Um so I guess that would mean we've got a bit of a um It's a s a speaker and a sensor at the same time isn't it? Okay. Um and the case, it's more of a single-curved case, I guess would be that be the general Um and we've got a rubber skin material basically throughout. Um. Push button interface um with this other drop-down so maybe we've got two push button interfaces don't we? Um. And um a special I guess it's uh we've got a sort of a wood materi a rubbery type material that throughout, yeah. Yeah, it's it's quite unique. I like it, yeah it's So it looks like a bit over budget, um. So what we could do perhaps, a simple fix would maybe to switch away from the solar cells um or take out the back-up battery. Uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. What's difficult, we have all these things integral to the um to the design of it that we just can't back out of now, it would have to be seems like we'd have to go back to square one in a way. Um if we were gonna try to undo one bit we'd probably have to undo most of it, um It's either or. 'Cause we can't remove the push buttons 'cause they're um and we can't get rid of the uh I mean removing the changing the case wouldn't be so much of a mm-mm, um, nor would changing the case materials. Um. So yeah that looks like to be the only thing. So that would be the it's a major change but Yeah. Alright, so we're in agreement on that. Right. Moving along swiftly. Um, so I guess now we just go to the project evaluation which I will allow Sarah to take over. Ah of course, sorry. Whoosh. That'd be great Brilliant. Hmm. Um yeah, I was just go on. Well they don't own tellys anyway do they? Right. So, um, this one's a bit unclear to me to be perfectly fair, um. I got this slide from the coach and I'm not sure what it's connected to. Um so I guess we are going to discuss um our project process um and that is gonna go into my report. So I guess this is the point where we go um uh out of role it looks like and talk about our satisfaction for room for creativity and so forth and how that all worked, I guess, um. I think so yeah. I think it's I mm-hmm, I think so. I think hope I'm not screwing up an experiment. But I trust that she would jump in if I was so okay fair enough. Um right, um so any thoughts? Yeah. What do you guys feel about the process? Mm-hmm. No, no whiteboard. Was pretty cool tack though. Attempts to contact coach ineffective. Very natural look. That's the brilliance of they had a p they had a peeler in here. Yeah, I think, yeah re I thought it was like really creative actually, I mean. Including the s the multi-coloured wave pattern. What did you guys think about the the the roles? That's true, I I got this spreadsheet. Of what to do. Mm, mm. Cool. She said I I I she actually made a comment off boy you're getting into this and I really I think it's true I did get I I felt like I got way too into it. I felt like I slipped into it a lot. I dunno. The first time I've ever done anything like yeah project project management. I usually organise crap, it's one thing to do, you know set up a party with your friends, you know? But you guys felt that you could keep the, yeah, suspension of disbelief kind of like like the role and the okay? Yeah, yeah. Maybe in in Legos you know? Be fun with Legos too, like make a remote control or spaceship, we used to have spaceship Legos did you guys ever used to build spaceships with Legos everybody knows best spaceships ever. Um you guys felt like there was enough teamwork in all? Hmm. No I, no I dunno, I d I I dunno, I don't I I was just I It's true huh? Yeah. Yeah. Course I'm I'm conscious of the idea of the Project Manager asking if you guys feel like there's a team you know it's like, kind of like, like hmm. It d But yeah. Interesting. It's kind of fascinating wasn't it? I mean the whole process of I don't know. I I don't know if there was a ri I th Mm. Nor I. I wanna see the output files from these um, from the digital paper. I wanna see wh wh what my my handwriting looks like digitized because my handwriting is crap. I mean, just to see what it looks like in P_D_F_ format or something. T I I'm curious about what the de-briefing is gonna be like. You know, like what is the uh what exactly we're looking for here. I dunno, I'm not sure what the new ideas found i is about. Well, that's the thing I got i in the email I got this PowerPoint file but this slide was just there, mm-hmm. I didn't change this one at all. Um ch Yeah well. W I kinda like th Yeah you can't Yeah. Does kinda make you wonder, I mean, how much can you do with a remote control? It's like inventing a new car. Yeah yeah, you can Yeah. Hmm. Um. 'Kay. So this was other costs. I dunno. I think this is forty ish I I I mm we should go on a bit yeah about the project eval, um. I dunno about you guys but I felt like a bit under-stimulated on the whole thing. Like, what like you know what am I really doing, you know what is Yep. Hey. Mm. I actually didn't do that at all though, every single one I a all the presentations I either added slides or edited 'em. I di Oh. What? Really? Did they not have they didn't like uh mine yeah they didn't come like this? Like with this was what it looks like. This is what that looked like, literally, just like that. Interesting. Uh-huh huh huh. Interesting. Any other thoughts come to mind? Yeah but Builds. Mm. Interesting. Uh, yeah, I'd say so. Mm, I know. It seemed like everything flowed pretty logically. You know from the the the basics to the conce although the whole concepts thing, the whole concepts phase, I don't think I really understood like the concept. Well the id okay the notion of yeah I mean i it's not like I have a concept of a mug's material, it's just it is what it is. You know, maybe i rather than concepts i it should be th thought of we sh I I thought of I thought of rather than in terms of concepts I thought of it in terms of um like proposed idea. And then the final would be like th the actual specified prototype or whatever, I dunno. But. All in all it's kinda interesting. No just this closing one. No we've established that the costs weren't really within budget, but we could s you know do it We did the project evaluation based on um Sarah's evaluation of on off switches and Mm. True. Yeah. 'Cause we di we had a thu think about it. Um. Yeah. And it's all recorded, woo-hoo. Yeah what I'm gonna I'm gonna put um I'm supposed to do this final report thing at the end so I'll put all that into the final report as well, or as much as seems like maybe not like the articles and stuff, like because and if and so forth, but I'll put most of it in the reports. Nice. Oh yeah. There's a whole branch of psychology that looks into that, psycholinguistics. Yep, they're called um disfluencies. Yeah we like our fancy phrases and terminologies for things. Exactly uh I will save this into the project documents. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah I know. Come on give me some information. Well to be fair we're we're hooked we're all hooked on the internet, so I mean I do the I know, imagine we went the first ten y fifteen years of our lives without the internet. It's only in the last ten that we're like where's the internet? I mean, you know, it just in the past five we've gone from twenty eight eight modems to broadband all the time. No we have but I not in the sense that it's so un you know uh ubiquitous Mm. Yeah that's our last step. Celebration. 'Kay I guess we can probably call that meeting to an end for the most part. Cool. Where do you find that? Is this one of those media player? W oh. The default track. I thought it was David Burns, look into the eyeball. That's one that seems to be shipping with it uh shipped with for a while, maybe this is the new version. Yeah, I guess we'll call that a a doner. Fab.
Ready for this? Oh man. No it's important to we talked a quite a bit about uh you know the the interchangeable uh faces and what we've done here is come up with a bit of a natural look here um f we call it fruity if you will. Um. Right, um, of course that's uh interchangeable and uh I think it would be desirable for the uh for the regular product in the in the in the in the first packaging to be something a little bit more subdued but this is kind of something that can be done um and as you can see on the television there uh we have the uh voice detector device um on the top there. Um. So that that will work quite well with with regard to finding this uh contraption. Um, what other things do we see here, well, um if you give it a touch it does have actually a bit of a spongy feel, um, so I think that will work well with regards to our market. Um and uh let's see, well clearly there's gonna be some more colours and what not available. Um uh do you have anything else to add to that? It's actually important to note that the television, uh you know if there's an earthquake or anything like that, that i it actually is edible inside. Um it's encased in a new uh type of uh polymer yeah. It's fine. Hmm. It's pos a possible new product. Um, but I think that's I think that sums up the main features of our of the remote, um I dunno if you guys have any questions or f whether that uh whether we need to worry about any uh other marketing areas or anything of that nature. Um, did we come in under budget? Mm-hmm. Mm. Did we talk about the voice recognition uh option? So uh so uh yeah on the back here you all noticed this area here which is actually the voice recognition uh uh console and uh I think it's nicely designed into the into the overall look. Um, but basically the voice recognition uh incorporates um the latest designs that our research team has been able to cufw uh come up with. Basically uh quite similar to the coffee maker um design that we were talking about earlier and um, I think that uh has given a proven um ease of use and what not. And uh allows features like the remote actually talking back to the user um, so. Well we didn't quite have enough material uh. Oh I see, right, um. Right. Actually this bottom red ring here just unclips and then you put a a new a new uh a new plate on top of that. So I mean there are I we definitely priced out a spongy even spongier non-natural look um materials which I think worked out fine. We also continued on with the ideas that f following uh Apple's colour schemes with the kind of the uh light orange and the green. The voice recognition area actually doubles as uh as the solar cell area. Yeah. I mean I think that uh if we're talking about it being one of our main selling features, being environmental and without the batteries and what not, although it does still have a battery so I'm not sure that you know what the sell is on that. I mean you might be able to sway me on the idea that we our main selling point could be already this voice recognition thing I mean that's what sets us apart right? And the reality is you know, for me from an ideological stand point, I'd like to stick with the uh the solar cell, but I h kind of have to throw myself in the in the business structure model here and uh you know I think I think that I think that we need to come to a compromise here and maybe move ahead with the project, without the solar cell. Savings. No, I think that was a good compromise you brought forward Sarah. Yep. They like that spongy feel. And the paging function works well, that's good to hear, we worked hard on that one. W we might have uh we might have lost that granola market again that we're I guess that's true. We didn't use the whiteboard at all. And Um, also had I not been intrigued about the pen, I don't think I woulda used it at all, I didn't write barely anything. Uh. Yeah. I so I don't n I think there was a lot of room for creativity, we could do whatever basically what we wanted until the budget came down on us, um. With the natural look. I think the teamwork was good as well. Well I think that was I think that was an issue I kept finding with regard to well no but also yeah when I was reporting about what each of us was doing I was often confused as to what you were doing um and then I also felt like you know a lot of our discussion would centre around n specifically what my task was because that was kind of the interface portion which was what the whole project was about uh but and then in the end I think our jobs kind of melded together a little bit more, which was fine. Mm-hmm. And I think your leadership was quite good. An so is that the first time you've taken on that kind of role? I had to admit, as soon as w we started I mean as soon as we got the Play-Doh, th you know the whole concept of really trying to stick with reality went out the window. Possibly. Oh yeah, still have 'em. Yep. I mean I think had the issue been more serious we probably woulda brainstormed more during our meetings as a team. Well I dunno what I woulda shown on that board. I mean it's just like the paper I don't know what I really needed the paper for. Um, because I've got this laptop. Standard, I just used it 'cause it's literally right in front of me. So is this all we need to get through? Is it Any new ideas with regard to remote control concepts? What is that? Our limited ability to think outside the box? Why? Huh I think it was the real. Yeah. Think it was also realisation of you basically just copy and paste what's given to you into your presentation which uh wasn't so clear to me at the beginning. Oh I added like five slides too, but I Yeah, mine too. No. I added many slides every time Yeah. Um. Even you. Actually that looked a lot more like a tongue from previous to uh fr some other design uh modifications. I hope you appreciate the uh incorporation of some tin foil from a uh random Kit-Kat bar that happened to be consumed. So again I reiterate my question of how different we are comp compared to the other groups, especially between culture groups and what not. Mm. What the uhs and the Mm. That's scary yeah? Well just around that eight or or nine people that are Dude, I think we've had internet for like eighteen years. In the eighties? Right. Yeah, it was to the like seven universities or something. You guys ready to celebrate? Celebrate. There is another one. Huh? Yep.
Okay. Oh I totally Yeah 'cause I moved it. 'S put it over here. Then we don't have to worry about it. Huh. Yeah that's not you. Ah. Fair enough. Mm. Right. Appropriate, okay. Mm 'kay. It is an option. Ah. I see. Nice. Do we need to worry about um rot factors? Oh okay, there's preservatives involved, we don't need to worry, okay. Fair enough. No but It's a couple years off at least. Okay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Mm 'kay. Right. Do we have um other, for lack of a better word, skins? Covers? In play now or are those ones gonna be developed later once we see how the couple we have g go or? Do we know where we stand on that yet? Oh I wasn't expecting a prototype I just didn't know if you guys had any in mind yet. Okay. Just veneer really, yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. And the whole thing Okay. Right. Yeah. There's Okay. Mm 'kay. Okay, very cool. Okay. Okay. Yep. It's still an option if we need it. Very cool, nice job. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. M come in at sixteen? Yeah. Mm k. True. Nah. Although we don't wanna get rid of the whole environmental I mean obviously the solar cell is a big piece of the way we're marketing this as like a natural, new thing, but honestly if we cut that one piece out we're actually coming in under budget if I've done my math correctly. I mean Which, it's yeah that's what setting us into this young market, I mean that's where we started from, so I don't know, and I mean you know perhaps when the cell technology comes down in price we can bring that back into the game but it looks like at this point that may be out of our league. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think unfortunately that's our best option. Mm. It kind of yeah. Mm-mm. Yeah. Unfortunately I think we are. That would be me. Um cord? No problem. Can you reach, that would be great, thank you. I didn't even do that one on purpose either, damn. Okay, um, basically I was just evaluating um from what we know of how our product's working right now with the criteria that we set at the beginning of these are the things we needed to do, these are the things that look like we feel they're important. Um so I was looking at basic design things, does it fulfil its functions as a remote? Is the design what we wanted it to do? I are technologies up to where we hoped they would be and does it fulfil the aesthetic qualities that our original market research was looking for? Um. Basic questions like, you know, does it turn on? Does it respond to voice recognition? And overall, in general, it looks like it's coming up to par. Um, the only thing is with with the pull-out panel, that is, can it take some adjusting because it's a new sort of interface, um that looked like it was coming up rough, but then, once you get used to it, it does make a lot of sense. So I think overall we're headed in the right direction. So. Yeah. It looks like it's going over well, so we're we're good yeah. Yeah. It's I think eventually if we do um branch out with this product maybe we do have a higher budget options and if it goes over with this model we can look into um wider range voice recognition like from other rooms of the house and stuff, but for now, what we've got is working in the range we need it for, so it's all good. That's everything from me. Yeah. Yeah, it is a set-back, but Okay, do you need the cord back? As in within the team or? Okay. It is now, you're in charge so there you go. Whatever. Um. I think they're starting blocks yeah. Um, you know I think in general, for a day's worth of work we actually were relatively productive, considering the little amount of input we had going in. Um, and the technology has definitely been a help, it's really been interesting to try out all this new stuff. No, we didn't. We could now if that'd make up for it but really and I feel like if you guys had been designing in here perhaps that would have changed but because of room constraints, doesn't really matter. Yeah I think I was taking notes more often than usual just 'cause I liked the pen, yeah. Mm. I am disappointed I didn't get a note back from my personal coach. Yeah, but I didn't get a response so we'll see. Okay that would be kinda creepy. Well what kind of coaching is that really? What if I really needed something. I think so. And even then we did get a decent product turned out although it's not everything we wanted it to be. Organic, really. And highly resourceful team mates might I add which is always a plus. Mm yeah, I'm impressed. Nice. All four of those little containers. Yeah. You could have developed multiple skins really had you had more colours. Oh well. They were good. Yeah. True. Do your own. Though I did feel like th the level of information dropped off severely over the course of the day. I mean maybe it's just me but I didn't actually get any information for the last presentation at all. Nothing, I didn't even get an email, like that was it. So, yeah, I feel like that was slightly lacking but then you know, fill in the blanks on your own, level of creativity upped. Whatever. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh, that wasn't very much. Mm. Yes. Hmm, very much so. Yeah, already having the formatted stuff helped a lot. Very much so. Hmm. Yeah. That's kind of a good thing though, you know, give the rest of us some structure to work with so hey. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I except for a couple moments where it just got out of hand and I knew we were all lying through our teeth, other than that I could only imagine. Yeah. Totally. I think so. Though we didn't actually I mean other than minor discussion at meetings there wasn't except for the actual building, but I feel like if this was a team project there actually would have been much more of the collaborative like brainstorming, use the board well and this would have been six months' worth of work, not like three hours' worth of meetings. That's true. Yeah that is kind of Mine was the mics. I didn't feel like getting up and down and dealing with all these wires, I was afraid I was gonna break something actually. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. True, but it didn't even occur to me as an option, I mean I don't know that I would have but I know that I consciously didn't. True. Yeah. Yeah. Well it looks really professional. I know. I know, I felt like I needed to be professional so I didn't like draw all over my paper and stuff. Okay, well not entirely, but still, I doodled less than I usually do. I guess. Um. It did it just say in an email that we need to discuss that? That slide was like that? Well. Uh I think they still do their job. I am thinking outside the little square box though, with literally in like form I don't Yeah. It's still gotta be technically car shaped or it won't fit on the road, you know? Don't know. Kind of. Oh, how long was our meeting supposed to be? How much time do we have left? Mm. Yeah, at the beginning it started out and I felt actually like under pressure like the first couple were taking a lot of work and I was like had like all this brainstorming I was doing and then suddenly I was like well it's just another two minute presentation that you guys don't really care about anyway so type away. You know, you know what I mean like we all sort of knew where we were headed with it so it didn't feel like it mattered anymore. Mm-hmm. Whatever. Yeah. Very much, yeah. See I only got blank ones. My slides were all blank, they'd have a title maybe and they were just empty. Like with those words already on it? No. I wondered why yours always looked so more complicated. I think I added a slide one time. Hey with the whole new background being innovative, yeah that was class. Mm. I wanna know how our product would fare. I can't just leave it there. I think it would take extensive marketing, okay, an apple with a red button on top, even I am sceptical. But you know the whole Yeah. I know it is. Mm. I I noticed that. By accident. Well huh. An interesting day all in all I would say. I know. I Yeah. 'Cause it's such a functional item. Mm. Mm. We got it to be. Like cutting corners. Kind of, though it was really technically an evaluation of the product, not the project in general. Which I'm not sure is the same thing, at the time that just i made more sense, but I could see if they were really asking about us. Yay. Make it sound eloquent. Oh, I have to done I've I've done transcription before and it's really ridiculous how many words people say like just in the middle of their sentences like that that mean nothing. There's a guy studying it here, yeah, he's studying ums and ahs or something. Yeah. That's a good word for it. Just add some prefixes, sounds classier. I, yeah, pretty compulsively during meetings, like, yeah. Yeah, we are addicts. Mm. Yeah. I yeah. True. I yeah. But it's not regular I mean my grandparents had it in the eighties and I got it in ninety four, but still. Uh-huh. My um grammy does computer science back in the States and so they had um an E_D_U_ and gov network. There's basically the fundamental structures, but it wasn't uh household to household yet because it hadn't been partitioned off and stuff, yeah that was him. Apparently, does that include like champagne or something exciting? I think so. I think that's a closer. I have no idea. So is that a close? Okay, that's the end of the meeting. Thank you gentlemen. I feel like I'm signing off.
Yeah. Oh really? Okay. Well. Uh, we have assembled our prototype, um. What's to be said about it? Um, we took into account a lot of the things that we went over in the last meeting, um. Some of the most important things to consider are that we decided not to go for the touch screen which you can see and opted for some very large buttons for the primary functions, um. This is going to be the on off button and we have these buttons to go through the channels um and then two volume buttons down here, d uh we decided those were the most important uh buttons. And then, for the more advanced uh functions there is a slide out panel here um and you can see that there are lots of other things going on. But this actually can slide back in and provides a very nice aesthetic when it's all put away, um. As far as the uh whole visible light thing, we decided to go with the multiple colours coming out, why not? Of course, if that's annoying for some people that function can be turned off. Um. Go ahead. That's this here. Um I worried about the materials, it is uh the entire thing is covered in a rubber coating so it's very durable uh, it's not gonna break like some types of plastic that's dropped. Um, and of course as you can see and if you touch it it does have that nice squishy feel. Fact, I dunno if you noticed, but I wrote the uh the company's name on the telephone screen, I thought that was kinda nice. This was actually an apple on the inside. This Yeah. We got a bit ahead of ourselves, I know we're not talking about making televisions at this point or anything like that, but Right. Uh we did, yeah. This cost well to put this into um production, we're looking at about what was our goal? It was twelve fifty Euro um and this actually came in at about eleven ninety nine. Um, so I was quite pleased with that. One thing that we didn't do um obviously we had a choice with the buttons whether to use scroll buttons or standard rubber buttons, but we just went for a classic rubber button and um since we did that we didn't have to use as many microchips which was quite nice and that's what helped keep the cost down. So even though it has a lot of modern technology, um for example the voice recognition, in a lot of ways it's just a simple remote and um I think if we shopped around for other manufacturers um we might be able to get even cheaper. And Oh no, we haven't talked about that yet have we? Hmm. Yeah. Any questions? Um, do you wanna answer this one or do you want me to answer it? Yeah, yeah. Um, well as you can see this is just a most superficial layer and um it'd be very easy to put another layer of something else like It's not it's not quite a a face plate, it's more like a pseudo-face plate because it's simple enough that in the factory it could we could very easily put a different one on it, it locks into place such that, you know, it's pretty permanent but at the same time, if we wanna go the other way it's just a matter of a couple of adjustments and we could go the face plate way if you know what I mean. Yeah. Oh. Ooh. Right uh we didn't really touch on that but it it's in there, yep. Yeah, yeah. It's just making use of the same space and the same materials, but Yeah, one big curve I guess you could say. Yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah, special. And s I guess you have to mark special colour and special form as well, don't you? 'Cause it i it is very unconventional, I like to think of it as unconventional. Oh. Huh, doesn't match up does it? How do you feel about that? I mean we could take we could take the battery out of it you see and it'd probably work ninety nine per cent of the time but you're gonna have to set up a call centre for that one per cent of the time when people are calling and saying oh look my remote isn't working what am I gonna do? People'd be real upset. I think in the long-run it's better to keep the battery, it's hard to scrap the whole cell battery idea 'cause that's so integral to the theme that we have. Yeah. Hmm. Right. Right. Yeah. I guess we might have to do that. It's the only way we're gonna get below our uh goal isn't it? Of twelve fifty. Yeah,. Gotta do what you gotta do. Mm. Really good. Six? We did. I am bit disappointed about losing the solar panel but it's okay. Mm. I know. True. Okay. Right so it's just kind of a open mic kind of thing or 'Kay. Yeah. Are we considering these points here? Okay. No. Yeah, it's true. Mm. Definitely. As you write your personal coach. What if you get a response two or three months from now? That'd be weird. Yeah. That's very natural. Yeah. And to prove that we weren't wasteful we didn't waste a single bit of Play-Doh, we used every bit. Yeah, I guess My one my one criticism is that we didn't have enough colours to work with, we only had four, wasn't enough. I know it could have been amazing. Hmm. Yeah it's f kind of fun, it was I think it was pretty clever 'cause we were never able to get too far off track because the information came in at the right time and kind of filled in the gaps enough. At the same time you had enough room to kind of just make things up, which was kind of fun. Yeah. Mm. You know Yeah. Yeah. That was fun. I think the most helpful thing out of everything was getting the the PowerPoint slides already put together for you 'cause if we didn't have that there's no way we could have got all that done in time. It was really good yeah. It's kinda fun. Yeah. Little different. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah? You don't. Yeah. Yeah. Wonder why is there anything about the way that we got so much inform what was it that kept us from going to the the board? Yeah, that's it 'cause the mics are loose and each time you get up it's s a possibility of tripping over something or getting tangled or. Yeah, that's it. Usually I would do a lot more doodling too but I didn't because New ideas. Hmm. I guess we're on the right track. No, none. I think they're fine actually. Yeah, maybe a s a circle would be alright, different. Are we back into project mood? Yeah. Yeah. Definitely when when I first filled out the questionnaire I was marking it probably higher in terms of how much I had to how much I stressed over it and then by the time I got to the last one I was like, you know, not very much. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Did you really? I just got blank ones and Me too. I deleted slides. That was pretty cool, it was a high moment of the whole experiment. I think it would fail, I think it'd be a huge disaster, especially if it looks like that. I don't we kind of designed it to look little bit like a face. It's a happy face. Yeah, it's uh I wanna see a Yeah. Hmm. So we have more slides or? Mm. Hmm. I It'd be so cool if we get a copy of the recording. Really. Filler words or? Disfluencies. I find myself hitting the send and receive button on the email a lot, just out of boredom, like c come on gimme something. It is scary. Yeah. It's crazy. So Should. Has it been forty minutes or whatever? this has been long enough. Is that the only song you have? That's awesome. Maybe I have a different one.
";"The Project Manager opened the meeting by reviewing the decisions from the previous meeting (to use voice recognition instead of the touch screen, to hide the complicated features, and to start building the prototype). The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer then presented the prototype that featured voice recognition, interchangeable cases, visible light, and a soft casing material. The Project Manager presented what each component cost, which showed that the project was going over the alotted budget; the group decided to remove the solar panel. The Marketing Expert presented an evaluation of the prototype and showed that the prototype had met many of the initial goals. The group then evaluated the project process and discussed their effectiveness as a group. The Project Manager summarized the proceedings of the meeting which will go into a final report, along with comments made during the project evaluation. "
"Yep. I think we should forgo the whiteboard since we can't actually see what we're writing. Artistic skills, nil. I draw like I'm in grade five. I'll go. I drew a kitty. It's pretty much impossible to tell that's a cat, but I love cats. I love cats because they're independent, uh they pretty much know what they want, they get it, they move on. I'm allergic to cats, too. I still can't sleep with them in my room. Yay. Are you trying to suggest something? Well, we wanna make a multifunctional remote, right? One remote for everything. Um. I think they'll be phasing V_H_S_ out shortly. Okay. So we'll have to figure it how to cover all the different variances in signals. What about something with the curvature like that matches the curvature of a hand? What kinda battery would we want to use? Because battery changing is usually Okay. Yeah. Can you with a small lithium battery?
Just do it on the arrow. Fine. No, I kne I knew. Yeah. Ah. In my next life. Um, I drew a badger. Well, yeah. Uh I dunno, they're grumpy and nocturnal and Well, a little bit like the Yes. Um. And then, if you know Wind in the Willows badger. Yeah and then uh I don't know if you know Brian. He's Liverpudlian writer. Um, that kind of books. Badgers are cool in that one too. Now? And everything being Wait, we have what, sound system, T_V_, D_V_D_, V_H_S_, uh TiVo? But it's still there, so if po if we're gonna do it Or if it's not like a Sony, if it's like a I don't know. But at the same time are simple. Just bad ones. Um. D Double A_. Some but Yeah, I guess then it's If we need to do triple A_ we can, but most people usually have double A_s around. Right. Mm-hmm.
Yep. We could Yeah, we could on here. Oh, thanks. I'll go. Um this is my picture. I drew fish I like fish, because uh, you know, their whole water-vascular system thing. It's pretty cool, and um they've got a pretty good habitat and they are pretty sometimes, sometimes vicious but that's okay. Yeah. Yeah, they they're easy, you know. Yeah. No I I see it. Yeah, it does look like a cat. I'm allergic to cats. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, if you're around them for a long period of time Oh, yeah, this summer I, oh I had to live with cats. It was crazy. Yeah. Cool. Oh, okay. No, that's good. You don't really have to, I mean, if you like 'em Right. Yeah, TiVo. It needs to be compatible 'cause universal remote controls are never universal. And what we need an insanely good instruction booklet, because you always have to reconfigure all your contraptions to go with the remote anyways. They want like the flashy lights. Oh like this came from Las Vegas. Mm yeah. Double A_. Yeah some use triple A_s. So double or triple? Yeah, if we want it to be more thin, then we'd probably wanna go with a triple A_. Right.
Okay. Hi everybody and welcome to our kick-off meeting um for our new product that we're gonna be designing. Um I'm Mandy and I'm the Project Manager. And I know all your names again, Courtney, Fenella and Amber. Alright. Okay, so first let's go through this PowerPoint. I wonder what button I press? Yeah, or how about I just click? Okay, here is our agenda for this meeting. Um we're gonna start with our opening which was our introductions. We're gonna get to know each other a little bit better. Um tool training, we're going to, I guess, figure out what to do on this project with our individual roles. Um we're gonna make a project plan and then have some time for discussion and close up the meeting. Okay, here is our project. We're gonna make a new remote control that's um original, trendy and also user-friendly. And how we are going to do it is each of us is going to um We're gonna have discuss the functional design first, how is it gonna be used, what's the actual goal here, it has to operate T_V_, blah blah blah. And we're going to do individual work on that and then meet. Same thing with conceptual design. Just the basic overview of the project and then we're going to do individual work, meet. That's pretty much the the whole process for today. And then the detailed design, just more in-depth, get the actual schematics of the remote. Okay. Alright. First we're gonna start off by using our tools. And the whiteboard thing, do you guys wanna give that a try even though the ink wasn't working or do you wanna do it on here. Alright, let's go forward then. Um right now so we're all gonna draw our favourite animal and then sum up our favourite characteristics of that animal. Even if you are not a good drawer like me. Alright. Um. Bless you. Oh do I. 'Kay, about one more minute. Okay. Okay. And who would like to start us off? Alright. Only if they're piranhas. Alright. Who wants to go next? No, it looks like a cat. I love cats, too. I'm a cat person. Uh. If you're around one I had a roommate who was um allergic, but if she was around my cat forever she became used to it, you know, it's weird. Okay. Okay, Fenella? Badger. Good choice. Why a badger? Alright. Okay. And I'm last. 'Kay. Look at my sad sad giraffe. No, no, no, it ends up looking like some kind of a dinosaur, but whatever. I don't know even much about giraffes, but I just love the way they look. They're just such odd creatures, you know. I I like that they're so unique and individual, I guess. I don't know much about their behaviour or anything, though. Only seen a couple in zoos. Yeah, but you can appreciate the way they look. Okay. Alright. Guess we're getting straight back into business here. Um the selling price for our remote is going to be twenty-five Euro, and our profit aim is fifty million Euro. We're going to make this an international product marketed in the States, in Europe, in Asia. And um our production cost to make that profit is gonna be a max of twelve fifty Euro per remote. Okay. So we're gonna talk for a little while. Um here are some topics that we might be able to discuss. Expe our experiences with remote controls um, our first ideas about this new remote, anything that you can bring to the table for this project. So. Yeah. You wanna start us off? Anybody have anything to offer? Right. TiVo. They're never universal. That's right. Esp e especially if you buy a a not big product, D_V_D_ player, say, usually it doesn't work if it's not one of the Yeah. Yeah. Something from Sam's club. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay, and um another thing that I think is important is the d the design of the product, how it feels in your hand. If it's just flat and kind of boring th those don't Nobody wants to buy those any more. They want the ergonomic ones. Yeah. Ones that ones that look high-tech, too. Right. So that people like my mother can use it. Yeah. 'Kay. Anybody have any experiences with remote controls that they can remember that Yeah. That's true. Do some of them use triple A_s though? Okay. Okay. Yeah. But that has to do with the size of it too. Well, w as long as we know that issue is Here we can Triple A. But it's okay, we don't have to decide about it now, just as long as we remember battery type and size is important. Hey. Anything else? Alright. Moving along. Oh, we're closing the meeting. Next meeting is gonna start in thirty minutes. Here's what we're going to do. Um the I_D_, which is who? Okay, you're going to think about the working design. What do you think that means? Okay. And U_I_D_, the technical fun functions design, making sure it does everything that we need the remote to do, the functionality of it, operating all those different things. Okay. And the marketing person, that's Courtney, is going to do the user requirements specification. I guess that means specifying um what exactly the user is going to be looking for. Right? I would think so. Okay. And you're gonna get more specific instructions emailed to you in just a little while. Okay, so does anybody have anything they wanna say before we close the meeting? Okay. This meeting is officially over.
";The Project Manager introduced the project to the group and gave an agenda for the project as a whole. She then introduced a tool training exercise to acquaint the group with the meeting-room tools and to help them get to know each other. The Project Manager then presented the project budget to the group and presented the projected profit aim, the production cost, and the price point of the device. The group then began a discussion about features of remote controls and their own  experiences with them. They discussed making the remote universally compatible and ergonomically-designed, and types of batteries to use. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to work on the internal working design of the device. The User Interface Designer was told to work on the technical function design, and the Marketing Expert was instructed to research the needs of users. 
"Okay. Um welcome to our second meeting. This is the functional design meeting. And I hope you all had a good individual working time. Okay, let's get started. Okay, here's the agenda for the meeting. After the opening um I am going to fulfil the role of secretary, take the meeting minutes. And we're gonna have three presentations, one from each of you. Then we're gonna discuss some new project requirements. Um gonna come to a decision on the functions of the remote control. And then we're gonna close up the meeting. And we're gonna do this all in about forty minutes. Okay. First I want to discuss the goals of this meeting. First we need to determine the user requirements and the question that we can ask ourselves is what needs and desires are to be fulfilled by this remote control. And then we're going to determine the technical functions, what is the effect of the apparatus, what actually is it supposed to do, what do people pick up the remote and use it for. And then lastly we're going to determine its working design, how exactly will it perform its functions, that's the whole technical side of 'Kay I'll just give you a minute, 'cause it looks like you're making some notes. 'Kay. Oh, well let's go ahead and, back, previous. So what I wanna do right now is hear from all three of you, on your research that you just did. Who would like to start us off? 'Kay. Okay. Um do you have a PowerPoint or no? Okay. Oh. Save it in the project documents. Okay. Mm-mm-mm. This one? Okay. Okay. Okay. Right. Ready. Alright. Very good presentation. Thank you. You speak with such authority on the matter. Okay. Who would like to um follow that one up? Now, that we've discussed Okay. Do you want me to run it or you wanna Okay. Functional requirements. 'Kay. Alright. Now we have Courtney with the functional requirements. Okay, what do you m Oh, I'm sorry. What do you mean by um the current remote controls do not match well with the operating behaviour of the user, like they have to press the buttons. Okay. Oh, right. The buttons. Okay. Yeah. Okay. It works. Ready for the next slide? Hmm. It's okay. It's very important. Could be, yeah. Oh. I think that's a pretty good guess though. Yeah. It's okay. Okay. Next slide? User-friendly. And so just to just to clarify by speech recognition you mean they would say, channel five, and the thing would go to channel five? Okay. Oh, that'd be lovely. Didn't they um didn't our rival companies manufacture a remote that you would press the button on the T_V_ and it would the remote would beep so if you have lost it Mm. Oh, yeah, that's true. We could definitely include that if we wanted to. If it's within our price. Okay. Are we ready for our last presentation, Amber? Okay. There we go. 'Kay. Oh my bad. Okay. Ready? That's okay. Hmm. So this would be the front? So the red would be the front of the remote though, right? Okay. The l the light up kind of Yeah. Hmm. It'd probably be lighting up the key too, right? 'Kay. The buttons. Okay. Yeah, definitely. 'Kay nex R Ready? 'Kay, any p 'Kay? Anything you wanna add for personal preferences though, you f you said already that we needed a large on-off button, you think. Anything else? Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay, let's talk about all of our We'll come to decision later about all the components that we need to include, let's um wrap up this one, and I'm gonna go back to my PowerPoint, 'cause we need to discuss the new project requirements which you might've already seen flashed up on the screen a bit earlier. Wait, come back. Alright. Sorry, let's go through this. Alright. Here we go. New product requirements. First it's only going to be a T_V_ remote. We're trying not to over-complicate things. So no D_V_D_, no TiVo, no stereo. It's not gonna be multi-functional. Hey. And we th need to promote our company more, so we need to somehow include our colour and our company slogan on the remote. We're trying to get our name out there in the world. Okay. And you know what teletext is? in States we don't have it, but um it's like they just have this channel where just has news and weather, kind of sports, it's very um bland looking, it's just text on the screen, not even Yeah, just black with just text. Yeah. Kind of. Yeah it's the whole screen. So anyway Right. Right. But it's becoming out-dated now, because of the Internet. Nobody needs to go to the teletext channel to check the news, and we have twenty four hour news channels now too, so Those are our new product requirements. Alright. Mm-hmm. Yes. It's part of the logo. Okay. What we're going to do right now is come to some decisions, definitive that we can all agree on, about um the target group and the functions and just definite things that we need to do and then we'll close up the meeting. So. Alright. Whatever. Okay. So our target group is You mentioned um older people? Would it just be universal for everyone, you think? Because I think even if something has large buttons, as long as they are not childishly large, like even technically non-technically challenged people are gonna use it. I mean they want something user-friendly, so Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so we want um for our target group would we say, I mean, young and old, all age ranges, all um, not kids obviously, right? Or kids? Okay, so we're going to go anywhere from kids to adult in the age range Um what about technic technical um specifications, like how how technically literate are these people who are going to be using our remote? Okay. Right, okay. So so they need no technical experience to operate Okay. And we also need to determine the specific functions of this, just to get it all out on paper. So we said it needs to send messages to the T_V_, needs to change the channel, turn on and off, just basic simple stuff like this. So if you have something just say it and we'll add it to my meeting minutes. Mm-hmm, volume. Right. And we wanna keep um I'll make a note here that we wanna keep the number of buttons down. Correct, because people only use ten percent. 'Kay. Hey, what else? Um. I think so. What do you A finding kind of device or Yeah, ho homing device. Mm 'kay. Okay. Right. Hmm. Would that add to our costs at all, I wonder? Right. Okay. I I think we can make a decision about that later. Uh we'll still put that as a point that we need to discuss. So that would include battery source Power source rather. Is it going to have a charger, or is it going to be run strictly off batteries? And we also need to deal with the issue you mentioned of speech recognition, if we want that. Mm. You could um we could hook it up. Oh. Mm-hmm. And if and if we introduced it when they're this age, they're going to probably always buy a remote that has Right. Yeah. and the speech recognition could be part of the lost and found device, too. If we said, find remote, locate remote, or something. A certain phrase then it could beep. I dunno. Just throwing it out there. Well Okay, anything else we wanna discuss? Um. How how, yeah, how would you leave those out? Unless you could say the channel. Yeah, that's true. And also remember that in this day in age we need, you know, like a hundred button, too. I used to have a remote that did not even go up past like fifty. So I couldn't whenever I got cable, I had to get a new T_V_. Mm. get your own remote, or digital cable. 'Kay. Um. I guess, we're gonna discuss the project financing later, making sure that we can fit all of the stuff that we want to on our budget. Um. 'Kay. And don't forget we need to include the colour of our company and the logo. I'm guessing. And the R_R_. We could just have the logo in yellow, or maybe a yellow light for the keys. Right. So we've simplified, we don't need all those um play, fast-forward, rewind, or no menu buttons. So we've pretty much pared it down to on-off, volume, mute, channel up and down, um the numbers Yeah. Um can we go back to I'm gonna look really quickly back at those examples and see if there is anything. Which one is yours, technical functions or functional requirement? Okay. The T_V_. I think that that's fine just for the T_V_. I mean how often does the average user need to do that kind of stuff? Hmm. Couldn't we do that all through one button, something, a menu button, that pops up with a menu on the T_V_ that says, you know, audio, video, whatever, language, you know? For the menus. That's true. Something that looks mayb you know. Y right, right right right. That one? Right. In the middle perhaps. Yep. good. Anybody have anything else they'd like to bring up in this meeting? Okay. get out of here. Let's go back to the meeting closure then and see what we need to do next. Mm. Alright. After this meeting we're gonna be sent a questionnaire and summary again which we need to reply to that e-mail. And then we're gonna have lunch break. And after lunch thirty minutes of individual work time. Um I'm gonna put the minutes I put the minutes for the first meeting already in the project documents folder, if you'd like to review them. And I'm gonna type up the minutes for this one as well. Um here's what we're each going to do. The I_D_ is going to work on the components concept, um U_I_D_ the user interface concept, and you're going to do some trend watching. 'Kay. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. And if anybody has anything they would like to add? No? Okay, well, this meeting is officially over. Thank you all.
Did you send it? Okay. Great. We only use ten per cent of our brains. yeah. Do we really need t to provide more information on what R_S_I_ is? Yeah, I'm just trying to move it. 'Kay. I think it should be there, working design. 'Kay. Uh I didn't get a chance to complete this one, 'cause some of the tools that I was given were frustrating. Uh okay, so method method of our design, I think I just start listing th some of the things that we actually need to put into this. We need a power source, we're gonna need a smart chip if we're gonna make it multi-functional. Um extra functions will probably need an additional chip. Either that or the smart chip will have to be extremely smart. Usually a smart chip is just a chip that's been programmed and designed so that it can complete a fair range of functions. I wouldn't think so, 'cause we could probably get it from like, in bulk, from a a newer company. And they tend to sell their chips pretty cheap. Um yep, nothing here. Um power source, I figured, batteries, 'cause they're easily available. Typically a remote has either two double A_s or four triple A_s, sometimes three. Uh it really kinda depends on the size of the actual remote itself. Um a large on-off button, demographically we're moving towards an older generation of people, so a large on-off button would probably be good. Selection button for various entertainment devices, so you want something that will permit you to select the D_V_D_ player or the T_V_ or the stereo system. Um smart chip that perverts uh that permits, sorry, universal application again, something that'll allow us to skip over between devices, and that's kinda it. Uh this is my fifty second design. Power source over here. We're gonna have a switch obviously between the power source and the rest of it, and you're gonna need the switch. Um extra bulb could just be for flashiness, um subcomponent which would be like a way of diverting the power to different parts of the the device. Um the chip and of course the infra-red bulb, so it can communicate with the various devices that it needs to talk to. This is just like a rough schematic. So this is the internal workings. Yeah. Yeah, so you don't have to stare at that infra-red, 'cause you know when the battery starts dying in your remote currently, you have to actually stare at that bulb and go, okay, when I push this button, is it working? We can skip that whole thing. Yep. So you can put it in the dark. Yeah, that's it. I think that that's a good idea, because you know that's one of the most important buttons. Okay. You can also get the kind of the T_V_ guide so It's the entire screen is just running information at random. Seemingly. Okay. So, do we have to include the company colour within that? Mm well, even if we kept the regular standard size of remote, if we reduced the buttons down to the ones that people are saying that they use the most often and a couple extra, 'cause they're saying they only use ten per cent of them, then we should be able to accommodate fairly decent sized buttons. Most of them will intuitively pick it up though. how 'bout little to no, because there is no way that you are gonna be able to make it no. Do we want this thing to be able to be found easily? And like if this is gonna get lost underneath the coach, how are we going to accommodate the quick ability to find it? What if we gave it a charger? And on the charger, just like a phone, like you get a portable phone and it's got a charger, and if you d leave your phone somewhere, you push the button to find it, and it finds th the phone beeps for you. It's useful for the remote phone. Yeah. Rechargeable batteries are cheaper usually. Yeah. I think people would find that too foreign. It's when we get satellite. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause I don't have any material pricing information available to me at the moment, so R_ the double R_. Or is the l Yeah, yellow could be and it could doesn't have to be huge. Mm-hmm. I had something, but I forgot.
Do you want us to do our PowerPoints now or I can go. Yeah, you should run it. Mm yes. Yes, okay so we tested a hundred subjects in our lab, and we just we watched them and we also made them fill out a questionnaire, and we found that the users are not typically happy with current remote controls. Seventy five percent think they're ugly. Eighty percent want they've are willing to spend more, which is good news for us um if we make it look fancier, and basically w we just need something that really I mean there's some other points up there, but they it needs to be snazzy and it but yet simple. So that's really what we need to do. And we need we need it to be simple, yet it needs to be high-tech looking. So Like They like I guess use the buttons a lot. Yeah. I don't know. It's from my uh research. My team wasn't very clear. That's okay. I I think it's like the engineering versus user, whereas like the engineering she showed that the engineering ones are more complex and users don't really need all of the buttons that are contained on there, because they only use ten percent of the buttons really. Good point. It's a necessary evil. Mm-hmm. And so people say that they typically lose it, as you yourself know, because you probably lose your remote control all the time, much like any small appliance like a cellphone, and they we need something simple, because most people, well thirty four percent say that it's just too much time to learn how to use a new one, and we don't want to go we don't want to vary too far from the normal standard remote, but I mean they do need to be able to identify it, and R_S_I_, I'm not very sure what that is. Yes, it is important for the remote control world. Sh Uh possibly. Uh yeah, that's what my web site said, I don't know. Yeah, I would assume so. I think we're supposed to know it as remote control experts. But also s so the channel, the volume and the power buttons are the most important on our company website you can find like the specific statistics concerning to how much each button is used, but those are the definitely the top ones. Yes. And so personally I think that we need a modern eye-catching design, but it it really needs to be simple. So saying from y your slide, your presentation, the engineering versus the user-specified remotes, I think that we should go with something that's more user-friendly. Where the engineering ones, the boxes, tend to make it look more complicated than it really is. Um the functionality of the product really needs to be considered as to like what type of buttons do we really need on it. And it needs to be open to a wide range of consumers, so even though we need a small number of buttons, we also need to take in like are most people going to be using it for a D_V_D_ player, a TiVo, what what exactly are we using it for, as well as the age range. So we need a hip, but not a corny marketing scheme for promoting our product. And also we found our team found that speech recognition is it's like an up-and-coming thing they really consumers are really interested in it, and since our findings found that people are willing to pay more money for a remote for it to be more high-class we could consider it. I guess so, yeah. Yeah, I guess we can interpret it like, we can just try out different types of speech recognition within our remote programme. Oh that's fine. What exactly is a smart chip? So what exactly we are looking at, is this like the front of the remote? Oh okay. Like that we know the battery's working. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, and that's good. We should make it glow in the dark. Mm 'kay. I think we should. Like I think that would be in a as in like in for the design, sorry, um. I think we should definitely go with buttons that don't look like a normal remote, 'cause most remotes have small square buttons, I think we should do something like maybe bigger and round like bubbles. What is it? Like running along the bottom? Wait, is it like the Weather Channel where it's got like the ticker running on the bottom or something? So it's like a separate channel from like what you're watching? Okay. No, kids need to know how to use a remote, I would think. They gotta change between Disney Channel, Cartoon Network. Yeah, I think we need it all. Um I would say we should say dumber than the average person. Yeah. And channel. Yeah. Those are the most important ones. Yeah. Sure, yeah. I need we we need a like homing device. Because people really are looking for a remote that's more high-tech. Do you think people'll really go for that though? Because Yeah. I would think so, because you'd have to develop a base. Hmm. Right. Do w Well, th there's the people who desire speech recognition, there's the different demog demographics have different desires, I don't know if you guys ge It wouldn't copy onto the the thing 'cause it's black, but all the different age groups have different desires for speech recognition. So basically older people don't really care. It's really the people twenty five to thirty five. I feel those are the people that really watch a lot of T_V_ though. They're the ones that get addicted to soap operas and just sitcoms and stuff. Right. So Right. Yeah. Wait, on the remote itself? Well, we definitely need those. Yeah. You definitely need Wait. I feel like a ye I feel like a yellow one would be too garish. Or put like stripes, oh yeah, yellow lights. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, audi audio settings and screen settings, we need those like audio settings mono, stereo, pitch, screen settings like brightness, colour, or do we just want that accessed accessed from the television itself? Yeah, 'cause we need to we definitely need to have buttons for like sub-titles and things like that. It's 'cause the foreign film market is expanding and stuff, and like on television like I know f k living in Los Angeles it's tons of Spanish network television if it has English sub-titles it's definitely helpful. So we need up, down, and side-to-side buttons. Yeah, okay. Okay, yeah. Such as, yeah, the one the one over there on the left the engineering centred one. Ooh, I just got an idea for a design.
I don't mind going first. Yeah, it's in the should be in the m Project. You know you could you could do it yourself actually. Put it in Project Documents, yeah. Sure. Yeah. Okay. Um well, the function of a remote control, as what uh we've been informed, is basically to send messages to the television set, for example, switch it on, switch it off, go to this channel, go to channel nine, turn the volume up, etcetera. Um some of the considerations is just um for example the what it needs to include it's the numbers, you know, zero to nine, so you can move to a channel, the power button on slash off, the channel going up and down, volume going up and down, and then mute, a mute function. And then functions for V_H_S_, D_V_D_, for example, play, rewind, fast-forward, stop, pause, enter. And enter would be for like, you know, the menus. And then other menus for D_V_ as well as T_V_, whether that means like um we can go and decide the brightness of the screen, things like that, all the more complicated functions of menus. And we can decide if that's what we want,, um if we want to include that on the remote, if that's something that would stay on the T_V_ itself, for example. These are two examples. Um and you can see on the left, it's got a lot more buttons, and I don't know if you can read it, but it says, step, go to, freeze, um slow, repeat, program, mute, and so those are some of the buttons and so it gives you an idea of s one example. And then on the right, it's a lot more simpler, it's got volume, it's got the play the like circle set, which is play, rewind, but it's also what is fast-forward is also like next on a menu. So you have functions that are d uh duplicating. And you have a mute button and then the numbers and the eject, and the power button. So that gives you two different kinds, a more complex and more simple version. Okay. And then lastly, it's just the questions that we want to consider like what functions do we want it to include, and how simple, complex it should be? And what functions it needs to complete. Uh, what are needed to complete insulation process, 'cause, you know, that's something that also has to be considered and it's gonna be hopefully a one-time thing, when you set it up it should be set to go, but we have to include the functions that can allow it to set up i in the first place. So that's it. Mm. Left. Wait. And that meaning what? Okay. Right. Only use ten percent of the buttons. Lost. S Wait, is that like your ergonomics like your hand movements or something? Like Channel, volume, power. It's like if you're holding it to just say, where are you, and thing beeps, you know. Yeah. It's kinda like what the remote phone used to do. You know like go to the base. Yeah. Working design. Help me. Well, how much extra would the additional chip be? Is that gonna push us over our production costs? Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's gonna be what's communicating with the T_V_, but the other bulb, I think, is good to just to indicate, I'm doing something, it's sort of like a reassurance. Yeah. Just Well, should it be larger buttons in general, you know like uh the examples that I had, they were swi quite small. So should we try and go for something that has l larger buttons? Ovals. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah, it's like black, black and white kind of It'll give you the sports. Except the entire screen. You can pick sports, you can pick the news, you entertainment, you know it's like Yeah. Company colour being yellow. Mm-hmm. It's gonna make it nicer. Yeah. We should go for the lowest denominator. High school educated. Well it's channel, on-off button, volume, mute. Um. Oh right yeah okay. Tracking. But you got a base. Well, if you have the base, you could start putting in a charger and then you have a different kind of battery. Yeah. Well, then we could If we have the speech recognition then we can start aiming at a like another kind of more handicapped disabled uh demo demographic. Well Well, then then do you put the voice recognition do you put the r like receiver on the actual television, in the base, or in the actual remote, 'cause then you've already got remote in your hand, why you just gonna speak to the remote, whereas if you just speak in general and you don't have to have the remote in your hand and like talk at it. Still fifteen minutes. Um. Well, do we wanna include the numbers like zero through nine? Can we conceive of leaving them out? Yeah, like you have one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, zero. Well, I don't know, I mean, if you can like well I don't know, if there's just a way of leaving them out? The colour being yellow? And how do we Can't make it entirely Well if you have like a Hang on. If you have this sort of strip kind of down at the bottom the base of it, just like yellow with the R_R_. Right, yeah. Two examples. Yeah. Oh, it's a Yeah. Well, the other option is sort of like down at the bottom, like farther away, you just have this sort of box inset where it's like the buttons that you don't use as much, but occasionally you will use. and so it's like I don't well, I don't know. Right. Well, that could be No you could just double up with like the channel or the volume buttons. Channel is just up and down. And then add a Yeah. So we just have it like add a menu button then for the various things needed, including v voice recognition if we have any like settings for voice recognition now included in the menu.
";The User Interface Designer presented the basic functions of the device and discussed the designs of two existing products, showing an example of the simple design that the group wants to implement. The Marketing Expert presented feedback from users, showing that users want a simple but fancy-looking remote control and that young users want speech recognition. She discussed including only the most basic functions in the interface. The Industrial Designer presented her internal design of the device and discussed the processor chip and the energy sources that will be integrated. She suggested integrating an extra lightbulb that lit up when the remote was communicating with the television. The Project Manager gave the group new requirements for the product design. The group discussed marketing the product to a wide range of customers. They had a discussion about possibly including a locator function and speech recognition. They discussed integrating the company's yellow color and logo into the design, and decreasing the number of buttons in the main interface. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to prepare the components concept, the User Interface Designer to prepare the interface concept, and the Marketing Expert to prepare a trendwatching report. 
"Just trying to move mine right now. They want everything, but simply. Okay. Yeah th I I can I can address some of that issue, I think, with uh my presentation. Okay. Mine will always read copy of something or other. I I copied mine before I sent it over. Hmm. Okay, my turn. Whoo. It'll be copy of component design. Yeah. Th that looks like it. 'Kay. So basic remote operation runs as follows, press button makes connection with the power source and the rest of the circuit, chip senses the connection, chip produces a morse code infra-red signal, specific to that button. So you press the button, it produces uh a signal that's encoded specifically for that button. Transistors amplify that signal and it goes to the T_V_'s centre, which interprets the signal response accordingly, changes channel etcetera. So that being said Next slide, please. Findings oh which were the required materials for the basic internal construction, so all the really simplistic functions that we just discussed, we need rubber for buttons, aluminium for battery y contacts, integrated circuit which consists of a diode, transistor, resonator, resistors, and a capacitator, all those basic things that make a circuit function. Um fibreglass and thin copper wire to create the actual circuit board itself. An L_E_D_, which is a light emitting diode, um contact discs for the buttons, plastic for the casing, and a power-source, whatever power-source we've actually determined we want. Next slide, please. Thank you. Uh personal preferences, uh to save money for the components, the remote should be mass-produced and basic materials should be bought en masse. Um if we find another company who can produce the required chips, casing, L_E_D_, any additional materials we decide we require at a less expensive rate than we ourselves are producing, we should go for it. Next slide, please. Um just talking to the um manufacturing division. They suggested power options, solar cells, hand dynamo, and kinetic power, so you shake it and it increases the power. Um I'm not sure how the hand dynamo works, they have yet to get back to me on that. So next slide, please. Suggested casing options. Okay. We can offer options for casing such as straight, curved, double-curved, you know, very specific to the customer. Options for materials, plastic, rubber, titanium, wood. I don't think anyone's gonna go for a wood one, because splinters Yeah. Um certain restrictions do apply here though. Uh latex, you can't do solar power with a latex one. So, if they want some a soft squishy rubber, they can't have the solar powered option. Double-curved, you can't do titanium. Um that would be two curvatures, so it would actually, if you the shape of your hand, you curve here and you curve here, so you could have two curves that match the shape of your hand to make it more comfortable to hold. Now if you wanted that, you can't do titanium. And uh so you functions what for the buttons, scrolling function could be very beneficial to us instead of actual buttons themselves. I think I have one more slide. No, I didn't. Um the manufacturing division also has said that um they have several types of chips and they've just developed a sample sensor or sample speaker chip, which we could utilise. Um push button requires a simple chip and scroll requires more complicated chip. So depends on what we decide we wanna do. In addition to that if we're offering all those different options to the customer for producing their remote, we're going to have to have multiples of each type, like a double-curved in rubber, um you know, each option should have a certain select number produced with all those options. So we'll have to mix it up, make sure we produce enough of everyone. But that could also drive up the price of the actual remote itself if they know that we only produced five thousand, you know, double-curved wooden remotes. And that's all I got. Well, we are making the chip. So, I mean But, I guess, we have to look at w what our production cost is for the chip itself anyway. Yeah. Yeah. I I thought offering some of those options for different materials that it could be made of different, you know I think we'd have to decide on the power options, maybe. So that we could reduce cost. Yeah. Okay. I think the p That's true. If we do a voice-activated locator, though, we're gonna be looking at a more substantial chip. So Honestly, I think the customer would be kind of irritated by the fact that it has a base if we did do a nice small, compact Mm yeah. Yeah. 'Kay so The only problem with that is if you forget to take it out of your pocket and it goes in wash. You know it happens. I've had three watches go that way too. Pieces everywhere. Well, we have lots of options. I don't think wood is a viable option. However, well, we only wanna sell it for twenty five Euro right? 'Cause I was thinking if we wanted to get the high in market then you could produce a few in titanium, make them a rarity so to speak. Yeah. Well the original Okay. Yeah. Good plan. Honestly I'd recommend like um uh since we're going with batteries instead of solar power, I'd recommend maybe a uh soft like latex, because we could produce, you know how cellphones have those overlays that you can change the colour. We could do uh one that fits in with the trends of the year so, because this year is all fruit, God only knows why, um we could do f a cherry cover for this year and then i if next year is stripes or solids, you know They could come back. And buy the extra case. So we could do like a b a hard base plastic, and then we could give two latex covers to start. How complicated Are we gonna go with the voice activated Well, we could give it a specific code, you know, remote missing. Yeah, see that would just irritate me. So I think having a key-phrase is much better. No. That would be like a mid-class um Yeah. So we don't actually have to go for Well, if they've just developed the sample sensor, sample speaker, it's a brand new chip. Why not introduce it in this way? I think, well, we could d r do two or we could do one small lithium, 'cause you know the lithium batteries are doing quite well in most other electronic products, right? So they're more widely available now. And they also have a longer battery life than most batteries. But if you only have to replace it every five years. Well, how about a initial, you get one battery when you buy it, 'cause I'm pretty sure we can get them pretty cheap on bulk. Yeah. In the sample ones that you showed us there was one that had the scroll buttons on the side, which I think if we make it curved like a hand like a hand-shape like if we put the the scroll-button on the side, that could be particularly useful. Well, if it's just up and down Volume or channel. I don't know. Mm yeah. We should probably make it that you have to depress it to activate it then, 'cause oth otherwise you're not just holding it and going like this, you know. Okay. We have to make sure that logo always sticks out when we put the latex covers on, so we'll have to like have a little square or something, so that the our logo's available. Yeah, I don't think we should do that, because that would just be icky. So I think maybe putting it on a button is probably a good idea. For our base one? It'll wear off. There's nothing saying that we have to put the logo on the front of the actual The only problem is we're using a latex overlay so it actually would go over top of everything and have holes for the buttons, so I was thinking maybe instead of doing that what we could do is leave a space for where the logo should be. Yeah. Great. Play Doh. Wonderful Ooh.
Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so trend watching. Uh since we do put the fashion in electronics, it is kind of important how our product looks. So I guess we can go ahead and go to the next. So what they want. Right now customers want fancy versus functional. Um basically about fifty eight percent of what they like of the product that they want, describing like the in order of how much they want, fifty eight per cent of the decision of what it should look like, fancy versus functional, and then it has to also be technologically innovative, and yet easy to use. So the customer basically is confused. They don't know exactly what they want. They want us to tell them. Yes. Exactly. So we can go to next. Okay. So in Milan and Paris recently the trends have been showing that clothing, shoes and furniture are basically just covered with fruits and vegetable patterns. So I don't know if we want to go with that um and also the spongy feel is in in contrast to last year. I don't know really, I mean I guess the spongy could relate to the buttons if we want to rather than like a hard clicky button that you find on like some mobiles and stuff, you'd want like a softer touch. I mean do you guys know what I mean. Yeah. Um. But as for the fruits and vegetable patterns, I don't know if we really want to go with that, because it is just a trend, and our product we want to stay around for much longer than just a few months, because Yeah. I mean that could just be a Spring thing right now. Okay. Awesome. Um so design preferences, um we need easy to read like large buttons, clearly labelled so that, I mean 'cause we talked about that being a problem. Um and then also buttons illuminating upon touch, you said that in your design, with the bulb. Um and that could also tie in with the colour scheme. Uh we need the Real Reaction logo and colour scheme obviously. That's one of our key goals, we wanna promote our product. And I was thinking about different types of designs and I came up with something. Actually right here. So what we could do is something like an old-fashioned telephone like this, where we put the buttons around, like we'd put a big on-off button or something else in the middle, I mean it could be the arrows or whatever for channel up and down, and then put the numbers around in like an old-fashioned dial shape. 'Cause then it'll appeal to older generation and like said retro's cool. So it's classically retro. So I mean that's just an idea if you guys like it. And, yep. And that's it. That's cute. Yeah. I have four of those remotes. Okay. That would be amazing, though, yeah. No, splinters would What is that? Mm. Right. Okay. Oh this the thing we were talking about earlier. Yeah, like using the menu to be like, enter your name into the screen like on the menu options. So that way the remote reads it. I feel like voice recognition would be, I don't know, w it would be too hard to really I mean we could do it, but Technology. And it is a growing trend, the higher technological, like the, I mean just like the more advanced it is, the better it'll sell. Yeah, 'cause we need to know how big it's gonna be and how heavy. Oh the base, yeah. W We need to decide, well so we can figure how big it's gonna be, like exactly what buttons we want and exactly It could be like this. Yes. I'd, well uh This one is really comfortable, like I like the sides whatever, because But if we have the um, the locator, then we don't have to worry about that. So we can make it small if we have a l locating device. Hmm. Two double A_s, for this size. Right. Yeah. Smaller, without Yeah. I think if we had a a locating device with the small one, I think that seems way more advanced. Yeah. Yeah, because I mean if even looking at cellphones right now, those trends the smaller the hotter it is, yeah Oh. Yeah. Ouch. A phone, whoa, that would wow, that would hurt. Yeah wood. Yeah, 'cause if it's gonna cost us more to produce a chip, titanium will be more expensive. Yeah. We could do that, because all our research shows that people are definitely willing to spend more if Good plan. Oh. Yeah, who knows. O or we could like take off this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because the soft latex definitely is squishy. That's in. Well I mean squishier than like, yeah, just a hard plastic. 'Cause that uh what it type of, yeah, for voice activation would it be like a certain term what we would say like, because people could just be talking and we don't want it going off all the time. So uh Ooh. Uh see I'm uh I'm strangely attracted to it, because I know that's it's definitely gonna be big, because it's, I don't know, it's just so high-tech. Oh, then maybe voice maybe voice activation won't be good. Yeah, n n no, we just want it to be a finder. But do can your can the department make Oh, brilliant then. Yeah, good point. I think triple A_, it'll be lighter. I mean more more come in a package. Yeah. That's a good point. We could think about it and come back to it next meeting. We still have one more meeting. Yeah, it could be whatever, as long as there's something big in the middle, because like the old phones, there's like that just like piece of metal or like a picture or something in the middle. Oh, that's true. Good point. So scroll buttons on the side and then buttons on top? But we definitely If we have scroll things on the side, we definitely have to have 'em labelled. Yeah, like on the side of it. Oh if it's just up and down. Well, you could do some on both sides. Yeah. That's squishy. That's squishy. have buttons. Yeah, that. Yeah. Yeah, or like a gun-metal grey, 'cause then it combines the silver and the black. Yeah, buttons wear off. Hmm. But we want it to be seen. We need it to be seen. Right. Yeah. Some of tho Well, some of those buttons though are blue-based. Um well, a lot of those buttons are blue-based. Well, kind of. Um and then if v we do have them illuminate upon contact, they could illuminate yellow. Like if we like the one all the way on the left, uh you ca you can see it on your computer better. Um where the button is actually blue, but the number itself is clear or white or whatever so if you pressed it would illuminate yellow. So we'd have blue and yellow for the touch buttons. Yeah. Mm yeah.
Okay hang on. See if it's there. I don't know. Hang on. Interface concepts, no? Either refresh it, or it sh Oh wait, maybe I didn't put it there. Hang on. Sorry, hang on. Don't know. Okay. Okay, um looking at the interface concept, it's gonna be mostly examples of possibilities of where we can go with this. Uh if you wanna start the next slide. Um uh can't really see, but there's two possible ways, on the r left, if you see on th on the sides of of the remote, you have the sort of scroll down, so you have that option right there. And then also there's the idea of the base. That's sort of like an idea there. And then on the right, we have what's really big trend right now, it's the iPod. It's becoming really and so you have this sort of very very simplistic menu section uh with the round buttons, and it's sort of like you have the both kind of trendy and hip, but also very sleek and um and very simple, but technologically advanced. So if you wanted to do that th if we could find a way of sort of like using that idea in a remote control then sort of look into it, but Anyway, next. Um there's the idea of like being able to do it by feel as well as by um by sight. You'd you know you're in the dark, you don't wanna be looking at the remote control. And the picture particularly is pointing out if you look at the top volume button it's a V_, and so yo you're kind of feeling a V_ like volume up. What it really is is a V_ and what it you think it is is down, because the down arrow. And so it's like a sort of a criticism you'd probably turn that o the other way up. Um but then you have you could either do it by raised type, which could be you know, iffy, um sort of old-fashioned in a way. Either that or just have it by shape, for example you have a specific triangular shape that you know you're looking at the up and down arrow. And then the round ones you sort of feel by, you know, that's the second one down, that sort of thing. So it's sort of looking into how we wanted t to do it by feel. Okay. Um this is sort of an example of going for a s certain demographic. Um this is particularly geared towards children. Um it's very cute, and we could probably change it to yellow, bright yellow for like a the for the company logo. Um and you have the shapes and it's very simplistic and friendly looking. Um and then the other thing that it would be able to do is just to pro be ab you program certain channels that only these children would watch, so it's like they ch watch, you know, the C_ Beebies or something like that, uh keep them away from other channels. So that's like another ar Um, I mean, these are three examples sort of looking at it. You have the wider section for the main controls there. Uh you could see how many buttons there are. And then on the left you have an example of the round buttons, and a simpler design. On the bottom we probably wouldn't need that, because it's more for like a D_V_D_ function which we are not gonna be using. Um. So again it's sort of like just give you ideas and then down at the bottom you have the logos and that's where you could put the R_R_, Real Reaction. And then finally these are like the sort of same examples, but also some more, just possibilities that we could go with. None of them I'm particularly keen on by the way. But it's sort of like just taking aspects out of that and saying, well out of this one we like, you know the round section of um, b or we'd like the the button size on this. Right. That's it. Right. Let me just add one more thing that I couldn't say before, and that's just that there's the new technology that they've developed on the voice recognition. Um. Right except that it's sort of odd, and I'm no not exactly sure why they are explaining it in the way they are, um there's a sample sensor and there's a sample speaker unit for So, you would say like, good morning, coffeemaker, and it would respond, good morning, Jill, but I'm not sure exactly how it's gonna work, 'cause do you programme do we program the responses and the questions. So does that mean that the user then has to ask the specific question, and can't change it in order for it to be recognised, or can it be altered in a certain way, or does the actually user program it, to say a channel means this. Right, so it's got like a limited memory and programme it. So it's sort of iffy, but that's kind of what you'd say. I always feel like first I wanna know what it looks like, before 'Cause if it's something really really small, then it's sort of harder to imagine a base for it, that was p quite a s substantial size sort of standing up Right. Well, the other thing is like even if it's got a few buttons, so we want it to be bigger than this, 'cause it still fits in your hand, so you still wanted something that's comfortable and substantial, but not necessarily full of buttons. Are you gonna lose it easier? Yeah. So i That's the other thing, it's like You know Are we gonna have certain chips that are gonna require bigger size period? But like, you know, if we get more complicated then it's gonna v be have to be bigger to just accommodate the chip size. So we sh Yeah. I'm a away from the base. Yeah. Smaller and smaller, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're kidding. Oh watches I've but I've never washed a cell phone. Well, titanium s I was saying that titanium, if we're being restricted then I would probably lean away from that. Yeah. That'll Yeah, exactly. The selling point, yeah. Are we restricted by this? Twenty five Euros So you're talking about like when it leaves our salesroom then it's all gonna be cherry-coloured or is it gonna be the kinda thing where people come back and swap it? Okay. The what the top face, right? Yeah. A tracker, yeah. Well, my little sister got for Christmas she got one of those key finders that's like a key-ring, and you have to whistle in a certain frequency for it to work. And then she would laugh and it would start going off in her purse, and you couldn't turn it off. So it became highly irritating. But then it Hmm. Okay. Well, that depends on what the energy is needed. As long as we sell it with it. Right, that's what I meant. What's it gonna Yeah, what's it gonna look like. Um. Well, my issue with that is if it got too big though, 'cause if you have the circle and the button in the middle, then is it gonna get wider than your your hands are, because w And then would the buttons be too small if it was enough to fit on it? Yeah. But is that for Which? Do we have both sides? Well, the other option is in instead of a scroll you just have the buttons up on the side which are on the side. Um what colour? Well I sort of like having the a yellow strip at the bottom with the R_R_ like that. And that's at the bottom of it. Which button? Yeah. Yeah. I'm just really wary of the putting anything on a button. What's the button Well, w w then what's the button do, and how do you know that that is what the button does? I guess. Just looking at examples, y you just don't ever see the logo on a button, it's always on the actual casing. But you don't But uh, yeah, you don't see it. Well, hang on. The other option is, I don't know if you can see it but it's like if Yeah, it's like the second to last slide. Interface, yeah. Yeah. Um. Okay, it's the very right one. You see at the bottom, it's kind of difficult to see, but you have like a d sort of s division between the bottom like, where the logo is, and if we have the replaceable section, it's like the top. It doesn't necessarily replace the entire top. And so you have that one piece that stays and the rest just sort of clips in. If c you envisioning it? And so that stays the same when you have the logo, and then you have this s slip that kinda clips in and that's the bit that changes. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Right. That's like, you know, a a cellphone it's like the the screen is always just left opened. And so, what we are gonna do it like bright yellow with the R_R_? Yellow. Yeah. Oh, that one. Um. Ha hang on Let me catch up. Did we finalise what buttons we're including or we just everything that we said before? Yeah. Fun.
Okay. Hi Team. Hope you had a good lunch. Okay we're back for the conceptual design meeting. Um let's get started. 'Kay, here is the agenda for today's meeting. Um we're gonna open it and I'm gonna keep the minutes as Project Manager. We're gonna have three presentations, one from each of you again. And then we are going to come to decision on the remote control concepts and then we're gonna close it up. And we have forty minutes again. 'Kay, and just to reiterate um after this meeting the team will reach a decision on the concepts of the remote control. Okay. Let's go ahead and start off with your presentations. Who would like to go first? Okay. Um Courtney would you mind starting us off? Okay. Trend watching? 'Kay. Mm 'kay. Mm. Mm. Right. Yes. Right. Right. People don't buy a new remote every so often. Okay. Hmm. Very good. I like it. Okay, ready for the next slide? Op mm 'kay. Great. Great presentation. Ready? 'Kay. Which one is it? Interface concepts new. Y 'Kay. Sorry? Oh okay. Oh there we go. Sure. Mm 'kay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Okay. 'Kay. No. Mm. Or I like, you know, the black finish or the silver finish or whatever. Good lord. Okay. Ready? Oh, yeah. Okay. Great job. Okay. What's the title? Got it. Hmm. Interesting. Mm. 'Kay. No, okay. Mm. Hmm. Okay. Alright, well thank you for those informative presentations. Let's go back to um Now we have to make some decisions. Where were we? Sure. Mm. Right. Right. Mm. Hmm. Programme. If it's within our price to get that kind of chip that would, you know, technology Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Okay, that kind of brings us to this, let's let's see if we can decide what kind of energy source we want to have first and foremost. Um. Do we wanna go for batteries or a stand like the one that we saw illustrated earlier? The base, the charging base with rechargeable batteries? Hmm. Yeah, and we don't have multiple things that it has to control, it just has to control the T_V_. It's not gonna be a huge universal remote. What size battery and Right. I agree, it's either gonna be bigger with a base or smaller with just A battery like this guy. Alright, so what direction do you want to go in? You wanna vote? I'm kind of I'm kind of leaning in the direction of this kind of bigger and the base. That just seems so clunky and Okay. Hmm. Okay, so what kind of material do we want to be made out of? No. Oh what did you Oh sorry, go ahead. Right. What would you recommend? Mm. I I think we should just focus on one design and one concept right now.I'm not sure that we'll have the time and money to produce a whole array of remotes. If this was a successful remote, we might then produce a higher end version of it, I think. Okay, so we wanna go for plastic, or what would you recommend for materials? Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. They could buy cases, maybe, if they wanted. I think it's good to sell a basic thing and then sell options. Okay. Okay. Right. Right. Okay, and what kind of chip would we need for this guy? I don't think we should do voice, I think we should just do um the recognition for when it's lost, you know. could we Yeah. Hmm. Right. Oh dear. Okay. Okay. Alright. But it's not gonna be voice activated in the fact that you would say, channel up, and it would work, right? Just a Okay, alright. No. Mm 'kay. Uh and what size batteries, double A_, triple A_? Two? Could it run off of two They're more expensive though, too. Mm. Thoughts anybody? Okay. Yeah. Alright. Okay. So we've covered that first category, User Interface Concept, meaning design. Okay. I ki I kind of like your idea about the retro phone dial, and that the central button could have, maybe our logo on it? It might be the four way scroll, too. I mean if Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Oh, I see what you mean. I think so. Yeah, I like that. 'Kay. Mm. Can we? So that you're just not holding it and it changes the chan Mm. Yeah. Hmm. 'Kay any other ideas? Oh, yeah. Latex covers. W I think maybe we should do it on a b button itself though, because if people are able to change the covers, I don't know, maybe the on-off button, something, some the menu button, I don't know, but you know if we're gonna put our company logo on there and somebody could just get another one. Are they all gonna have our company logo on them? Every cover? Yeah. If we want it to be visible and Um are all those those one that you showed where they were um s met silver-metallic looking? But those are plastic, right? They're not titanium. I kind of like that look. Uh but, or if it was really Yeah, for the base or if we're going for the retro look, I think, like a really shiny black would be cool. What are your thoughts? Gun-metal gray. There you go, gun-metal gray. Why? Mm. Right. On the back? It d visible Visibility though 'Cause if it was only on the back really the only time you're gonna see it is when you drop it or when you're changing the battery. I can find it again. Okay. And yours was called Interface Concept? This one? Well, for some reason I can't get it to just go to that slide directly. Mm. Okay, yes yes. Okay. Like a little cut-out kind of Okay. Anybody see anything that they liked in these ones? Mm. Mm. Yellow, I like that idea. Mm. Mm. I like the yellow illumination idea, very good. Okay. Any other ideas or thoughts? We all seem to be fairly in agreement about what we wanna do with this project so 'Kay. I think there will be time for that later. I'm guessing. 'Kay, well we're gonna wrap this up. Um next meeting is gonna start in thirty minutes, and here's what we're each of us going to do. The I_D_ is going to do the look and feel design, the U_I_D_ the user interface design. I think you're going to get a lot of, I mean, the final say on what buttons get put We'll all talk about it, but I think, that's pretty much what you're gonna do, right? I guess. 'Kay. And you're gonna do some product evaluation. Okay, and right now, the I_D_ and U_I_D_, you two are going to work together on a prototype using modelling clay. Yeah. Okay, and you should all be getting an email pretty soon. Alright. Well, thank you for a very productive meeting.
";The Marketing Expert presented more information on user requirements which showed that users wanted the look of a high-tech device that was still simple to use. She presented the fruit and vegetable fashion trend that the group will integrate into their design. The User Interface Designer presented several ideas for the interface design taken from existing product designs. The Industrial Designer discussed the necessary internal components and presented options for energy sources and materials. The User Interface Designer also presented the sample speaker technology recently developed by the company. The group had a discussion to finalize the prototype features. It was decided that the device will be small with a locator function instead of having a charging stand. Voice recognition will not be included outside of the locator function. It will be covered by interchangeable latex casings. To incorporate the company logo and color, the buttons will be illuminated yellow when pressed and the logo will be displayed through the latex casings. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to build the prototype, with the User Interface Designer deciding which buttons will be included. The Marketing Expert will prepare a prototype evaluation. 
"Me too. Okay. Um here's the agenda for our last meeting. Um after the opening we're going to have a prototype presentation, then we're going to discuss the evaluation criteria and the financing of our remote. Then we're going to evaluate the product and I think the whole production process, and then we're gonna close it up, and we have forty minutes, so let's get started. Oh, no, let's have the prototype presentation. Right. Hmm. Yeah. Great. Okay. Okay. And did you determine um the curvature of the bottom part of it for the hand, is it gonna be a single or a double? Single. Single sounds good, 'cause it's not big enough to really constitute a double. Great. Great. I think you did an awesome job. It is beautiful, and it's everything that we discussed. Good job. Alright what's next in our agenda? Um we're gonna discuss the evaluation criteria, and that's with Courtney. Right. Mm. Right. Sqi Right. Right. 'Kay. I'll wait. Are we going to indi I say we individually rate what do you say? Just orally. Why not? We have okay. Um easy to use. I vote six. Oh, two. Uh hello, we're great. Um one. No. Me too, very chic. One, I give it a one. Oh, and ma it's a prototype, right. Well, now I'm. So, the average is about a two. Two or three. Two point five. Imagine, since we obviously don't have that. And it's i it is very ergonomically designed. It's gonna be curved. Yeah. I think so too. 'Kay. Two. Alright, average is two. Is it technologically innovative? Oh sorry I'm taking over your job here. Go right ahead. Yes. Right? We were able to do it with that kind of chip. Yeah, right. That was 'kay. And we discussed that being included. Well we don' have the you know, we can't say channel, and it changes the channel, channel eight. Right. Okay. Yeah. I'd go for a three or four on that one, so okay, let's go for a three point five. Alright, and the last criteria is it is it um Well, we've covered that with the trendy. Sure. Capable. Very capable. And it's very important. 'Kay, there we go. So. Next. It does. Very good. Alright, let's go back to this No, that's it. Hmm. Oops. Okay, so now uh we're moving on to finance, okay. I'm gonna show you an Excel spreadsheet and we're going to fill it in together based on what components we're including in our remote and see if it's under twelve fifty Euro. If so, we can proceed, if not, we need to go back to the drawing board a little bit. 'Kay? So let me bring that up. Here we go. Alright. Um it's not hand dynamo, it's powered by battery, so we give it a Number of components you plan to use. Do I just put quantity being one battery, or Yeah. But if it's a do you wanna go for this is where we need to make a final call on if it's a lithium or do we wanna go triple A_s, 'cause triple A_s we're gonna have t do more than one battery. Oh, let's just go for a lithium. What do you say? I think uh I think the people who purchase this are gonna be technologically right. Okay, down to the electronics um section. We're gonna need this kind, correct, if we do the voice sensor, so one of those. It is a single-curved, so one of those. Oh. What's that? Yeah, that's correct. 'Kay, down here, case material. Plastic. 'Kay. Down here, interface type. We're gonna have the integrated scroll scroll wheel. Isn't oh those are just regular buttons. This? Okay, so we can just go um. Right I think she's I think what Courtney's talking about is do we need to put two here? Right. I don't know, they might put us well, let's just. Two or would it be three? Okay and we're gonna button supplements the buttons are no uh okay. Are they? Oh, right. Mm. Well, we're under cost then. Alright. No, we're under. Twelve point five is our limit. We've got eleven point two. Alright. We can go to I dunno what I just did. Okay. Now we're gonna talk about the project process um and whether or not we're satisfied with the whole process and the result. Um did we have a lot of room for creativity? Did we have a lot of room for individual leadership, um teamwork, and the means, meaning the technology that we used to produce our little guy there, and if we found any new ideas. Now, question is, how do we do this? Discuss, sure. Alright. Who want who would like to go first? Hmm. Hmm. And how did you feel about the whole the whole process though? Right, and we got say over what how technologically advanced it should be and also how fashionable, which I kind of like we yep. You know it. Um what about um the teamwork aspect? How did you guys enjoy making the model, the prototype? I think ya' did. Did you work well together in there, and 'kay. Oh my God, and we've all been a pretty congenial team here, I think. We hadn't had any ma fallings out. Irritating. Okay. Yeah. I have to knock that one down a couple notches. Yeah, digital pens. They were fine. Right, laptops are extremely handy, wireless. And that we have a shared network where we can put all of the Big brother. 'Kay, have we found any new ideas through this process? For something that looks cool and also has what I want it to b do technologically. And that's your right brain taking over, w wanting the artistic, the fashionable, the hip, you know. If we all just went out and bought useful things, I don't think I mean that's not what technology. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Just the Mac font bothers me even. But I do like iPods, go figure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Colours. Exactly. I mean how many people went out and bough a Nokia phone, back when we were like in high school, just so they could get the changeable face plates. Okay. Anyway, so that is definitely at work. Yeah. Fashionable chic people will. Hmm. There you go, marketing. Alright. Okay, we're gonna wrap this up now. Um the costs are within the budget, we evaluated the project, and now we're gonna complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary, and then we're going to have a big giant party, apparently, according to this, so. Alright, thank you team, you did a great job, it was lovely working with you.
I wanna find our if our remote works. Oh. Whoohoo. That's nice. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's a beautiful Yeah. Good job, you guys. Those are really good. Okay, it's a PowerPoint presentation. I don't really know exactly what we should uh talk about. It's under evaluation. Alright. Um so these are the criteria we're gonna ask, is it easy to use, is it fashionable uh yeah, I guess we should write these down so we can reference them. Like does it feel good, like yeah, physically. That's just for current trend. It doesn't really count, you guys. Yeah. But it's so we do have removable covers, right? Yeah, well then that's covered. And so we n k everybody have that? Yeah, she's got it. It's good. Yeah. Okay so, we're using the criteria uh for a seven point scale, and so we need to discuss how we feel. It falls within this range, so for easy to use, do we feel it's very easy to use? You guys Okay. Oh wait, that's false. Okay. Two. That's what I say. Okay, fashionable? No. I mean like no, I think it's very fashionable. I thi I would give it a one. Well, that's that's just like that's a clay, it's a prototype. What do you think? Okay. Yeah, it's a two. That's okay. Yeah. Um does it feel good? I feel like I think it feels good. I'll give it a two. What do you say? Okay. Oh no, it's fine, you're I mean you're Project Manager. Um yeah, I mean and it does it have voice I mean the phrase recognition on it? And there's no way you can represent it on here. Y Yeah, so. Then yes, then I would well it isn't what else would it need for it to be technologically innovative? And it doesn't cover anything other then T_V_, so I'd probably give it a three. Even though it is for just a T_V_ remote it's uh very advanced. But it is just a T_V_ remote. Well yeah, so I'd give it a two. Oh, it's very capable of being squishy and fruity. Yeah. Okay, next. So um our re model slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie appears to be a winner, and uh hopefully we'll sell millions. Good job, team. What? It it does. Thanks. Two. Yeah. Yeah, let's let's do a lithium. We're gon that's gon Nologically advanced, yeah. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. We plastic. And special colour. But it's Yeah, but i so i But will we w actually we'll need two, won't we? One for the top and then one for the s one e for each side. Okay. Like because there's like one interface right here and then because it's not gonna be on the same plane when you press the button. There's gonna have to be additional signals on the sides. So is that gonna be an extra one on each side? Or three, because of one on each side and one on top. I mean it's fine 'cause it comes out the same as twenty nine. Well less than twenty nine even. They're a special colour. Um they're uh they're a special form, 'cause they're indented. And, they're a special material. We're under. I think we just discuss it. Oh that's true. Yeah. No, yeah, that's a good point. 'Cause I'd forgotten that that wasn't our decision, yeah. Oh, overall I mean I thought we did a good job like We got to choose basically we had control over minus it being just merely a T_V_ remote we got to choose what we wanted to do with it. And we're a fashion forward technology company. Minus that one fight. Yeah. Yeah. I mean minus you guys being wha what is it, the survey, annoying or what is it? Irritating, yeah. Wow that's a it's definitely a strong one. Yeah. Yeah, and no internet. And the digital the digital pens were they were pretty cool. Yeah they were fun, even though I'm not really sure what I could do with them, but they are awesome. Yeah. And these things whoa. Yeah. And Big Brother. Yeah. Um we are really gonna sell this. Ta-da. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause they're pretty and just like Uh yeah. Yeah, no, iPods They want all those words for presentation, even the plugs. Oh yeah, everybody. Mine is amber. Oh. Look at it. That is a piece of work. Wow. Marketing Director says yeah. Fashionable people will buy it. Oh, I will create desire. We could have like an Adam and Eve type commercial, and that's the fig-leaf. Mm. That'll sell. Yeah. Yeah. You too.
Um sure. You or me? Okay. Well, since our materials aren't exactly what we were going for, I'm just gonna translate what this all means for you. The base is gonna be gunmetal gray, which is what we had decided, and it's gonna be plastic. Um then there's the latex cover, which is what you see as red. Um because it can be replaceable, we just kinda went with the colour. Um and then the buttons are actually kind of poking through rather than on top. Um and the buttons will be a l much lighter blue, almost see-through. It's just sort of a very pale blue and a light-up yellow. The whole thing lights up if you press any button, rather than it just that one button will light up. Um and then at the bottom we have our logo. Um bright yellow sort of design with the R_R_ which will actually look like our logo. And then on the side you have the buttons. They're one button, but they kind of push up and down. I don't think they're scrolling. Right, yeah. And then yeah, the buttons. Thumb-shaped. Yeah. And then the last thing is just that it'll be black labelling on top, just which we didn't do. Single. Right. Oh thank you. Feel good meaning what? Physically, okay. Yeah. True or false, easy to use. Yeah. Yeah, two. Mm I don't think it's that fashionable. I'd give it like three or four. But then I'm not fashionable, so don't use my opinion. Does it feel good? Yeah, it's gonna be thicker. Depth. I'll give it a one. Oh right, the Right. Yeah I go four. Squishy and fruity. It's just trendy, basically. Okay. It's plastic. And special colour. No, we don't have the scroll. Buttons. Oh like the twenty nine means like you have both scrolls and push-buttons. But we don't have any scrolls. Two interfaces, is that what w should we s say? Okay, fine. Yeah. And then s yeah. We're over? Okay. Oh, I see. We didn't have a whiteboard. Yeah. And no internet. I think we did well. Yep. Gouges. Irritating. And no internet. Misses. I do. There's so much available. Like it's information Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's why I don't like uh Macs or Apples, just 'cause I look at it, and I know it's probably a very good computer, but I look at it, and I'm taken back to elementary school, 'cause they look the same. They look like they did when I was in elementary school, and that's so old-fashioned to me. Exactly, so I associate them with like really low-tech, really cheap, bad Yeah. But the my but my one issue is just like the whole it's for T_V_ only. I was like who's gonna buy a remote just for the T_V_ unless they've lost theirs. You're kidding. No, no. No, marketing has to actually create the desire for it. Ri They'll be sexy with it. Oh right. Let you loose. Yeah, no. Good.
Mm 'kay, you ready? Y you read that stuff, since you wrote it. I'll be the Vanna. No. They're just buttons. On off switch will be here and as you've noticed on our prototype um they've ended up with a curvature kind of, by concave sort of thing, except for, you know, can't see underneath. So I'm hoping that when we get to production we can actually make them like that, because they're very nice to stock you know, stick your finger in. Um the two squared buttons are are two probably least used, menu, mute, and then these are the numbers, so our channel and our volume will be on either side. I'd say a single. Yeah, it's only actually the size of my hand. Whoohoo. Yeah, it was a little difficult to incorporate the cover with the cherry fruit on it. Yes. I'd say two as well. At the moment, no. Okay. I'll give it a two, because at the moment it's not looking that way. Neither are all o all the customers we have, either. Uh the shape of it actually does uh. I'd say a two. We could do it with the chip, yes. It wasn't we have no reflection of it on the prototype, but that's because it's only two dimensions, really. It Yeah. Three and an half. It's capable of being squishy and fruity. How did you get that in there? The slightly resembling a giant delicious cookie. That was good. Yep. Mm 'kay. Yeah, it's. Yep. Well, that's the push-button too, right there. Integrated scroll-wheel or push-button. We're really having just push-button interface. But it that just covers the type of button we're having. Because we're not doing a scroll on the side, it's still push-button. Push-button. But we just have push Yeah. Okay. Let's call it th Okay. Grand. So we can go to production. Go back. Previous. We think we got stifled for cri creativity by the company itself, in restricting us only to using a T_V_ remote, initially. right. Yeah. Well, no, there was there was scratching and fighting, but no. Irritating. The means, the whiteboard didn't work. A and our friend here really feels strongly about the internet. I really appreciated those, yeah. The use of the laptops for receiving everything. It was wireless too, so. And let's not forget the sexy dual microphones everyone gets to wear. The Toronto district school would only use his Macs with their kids. Well, i iPods are now quite trendy, and they come in different colours. Yeah. Not me. I didn't have a phone 'til university. That's okay. We can create a commercial where they think that all their needs will be met. This will help them find the one. That's right. And so the serpent says, use our remote. Whoohoo. Margaritas for everyone. Yay. Thanks to the Project Leader. Now we know w
";"The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented the prototype and displayed its gunmetal color, removable casing, buttons, logo, and ergonomic design. The Marketing Expert gave an evaluation of the prototype using the group's initial criteria for the remote. The group decided that enough of their initial ideas and criteria for the remote were satisfied to be able to continue with the project. The Project Manager analyzed the final production cost; the cost was lower than initially projected, at 11.2 Euros. The group decided to use one lithium battery instead of several triple A alkaline batteries. The Project Manager then led a discussion on the project process. The group felt that they worked well together and were pleased with the prototype. They complained, though, that they felt constrained by the management's directives, that they had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment, and that they did not have internet access during the project. All participants were instructed to fill out a final questionnaire. "
"I'm Stephanie and I am the User Interface Designer. So you want us to draw it and then talk about it? Or just draw it? Okay. Why don't we do both. Right. Mm, I gotta think about it for a second like. Uh Does it have to be functional, trendy and user friendly? Um. Okay, I'll draw. I'll draw one. Make sure my things here. Uh-oh. Right. Okay, my favourite animal is see. Oops. Yeah, it's Yeah, I guess it has a fin on top too, yeah. It's my dolphin. I like its tail. Um, no, I think dolphins are really uh I dunno, they're smart and they they're cute and they like swimming and that's cool, like they're graceful yeah, and they're so Yeah they're sleek and they look intelligent and I don't know, they're I guess it's the whole like binocular vision thing. Yeah he he doesn't look that smart. He's a I dunno um they're I think it's cool the the um the interaction that or the th things that the reasons people seem to like you know you get ex you know people are sitting on the beach and p they're like oh look there's dolphins and it's kinda like but they're you know they jump around in the water and they're happy and they're mammals, but they swim. And the pen's dying. Horse. And furry. Textile tactile, tactile remote control. You're dragging a you have a tail. Sorry can you just say that what's the what are our price goals again? Okay. I was thinking that too. I think we should design something that has like a so you can like somehow like you I mean you always know where your T_V_ is, so just have a call button, I've always wanted that, so like you can push a button on your T_V_ Yeah, yeah yeah yeah, so you should have a call button on your television to be able to find your remote control. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't yeah I mean it but like I mean just I mean like your phone even just has so like it can vibrate, it can light up and make noise and I dunno. Yeah. Yeah, or if it had a yeah. Yeah, I mean Yeah. Yeah, in in the couch. I dunno, it seems like though that that would be hard, 'cause you not you're not gonna be lazy anyway and Yeah so we the project is now couches and remote controls. Yeah. Yeah. Bigger. Hand-sized. It can't be that hard to put some kind of a noise on it. Or like or like a light thing. You know. I dunno. Yeah. Or make it mobile so it runs around and comes come find you yeah. That would be really I'm sure we could do that for twenty five Euros a pop. Yeah. Uh. I also think though that it shouldn't have too many buttons, 'cause I hate that when they have too many buttons and I mean I know it has to have enough functions but like, I don't know you, just have like eight thousand buttons and you're like, no, you never use half of them. So. That would be cool. Yeah. I mean it just seems like yeah. I guess they would go together somehow? I dunno. I'm thinking kind of Or like you h you see those you know people I'm thinking of like celebrity cribs kind of things when like they have all those these things that at their house you know their their entire house is so electronic, and they have like this one master control that and it's like a hand held like turns on everything sort of control and it has like a screen and like so I think it should be possible to have some kind of a screen, I don't know if it must be it would probably must be ex too expensive though t like I dunno. Yeah, yeah. Yeah that's true. Mm. Well, I guess we have to get to that later, yeah. Furry. Yeah. Mm, mm. Yeah. That's me. Uh, User Interface design. So technical function. What is technical functions exactl I I don't really know what It does but it I just don't really Yeah. What effect should the thing ha should it have, okay. Alright. And working design. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Alright. And how it works, okay. Right. I'm I'm on task.
Hi I'm Chiara, I'm the um Marketing Expert. Um, would you like me to talk about my aims at the moment, or would you like me to just say my name and then we can talk about business later? We'll get round to that later. My name is Chiara and I'm the Marketing Expert. I think both. Who starts? We ought to decide who starts and all that. No? Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Well I had the cat as well, but uh I've got a spare one. So I'll use the spare one. Um but it's harder to draw um. Um. Uh. Um I don't really know how the legs go, but anyway I will do that. Um, and the main reason is they're pretty. I think they're very pretty and they go well with the environment, and I like the way they run and I used to do horse riding and they're just very sort of sturdy and nice animals. And I like the way um they feel, sort of under under the hand, I think that's pretty much it. Um How many should we sell then? Um, a lot, two two two million, two mi no, more f four million. Four million. And it well it's the profit so if a profit for each is twelve fifty, that'll do four million. It is a lot. Uh. Um, I think one thing is that it should be easy to find bec yeah bec Yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. And even I think a little light. Um or even a maybe a vib a vibrating thing. I dunno but someth because it's usually under the sofa. In which case you're going to be l but if it has a sort of signal which isn't any sound I don't know if it's expensive maybe to Maybe call is enough. But yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. But even just a thing to attach it to the w you know if you had a thing, a pretty object attached to the wall. But that would really make it more expensive. But it's only a plastic thing, r really, the thing on the wall. Something like that. And the other thing is Not well it needs to be sort of Yeah. I don't think you need a But definitely not well I don't know. No, it can't be, uh-uh. Like spaceship. Right. Um Oh dear. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah. Select. Uh. But, would you have the screen on the thing, or would you have it on the telly transmitting the screen. Because Because, I don't know if it's I think it's e expensive, if you have if you use the telly screen, 'cause the telly's already a screen, then you can pro sort of have a programming function, really easy sort of arrow up and down, on the remote, and then use the telly as a screen. But um But yeah for sure. Something like not it's not on the button but it's telling you what to do, is that what you mean? Right. Mm. Yeah. But like mobile phones have screens and they're cheap. Yeah. Or some it i we can find out probably on the internet how much it's Um. Yeah, and the other thing you said that thing about robust and water um What was the word? Water resistant. No but it's I thought, ah, spot on. Good feel, tact tactile, good tactile feel, maybe something didn doesn't make your hands sweat lot. That's quite annoying. Yeah, clip. Ooh. Um. It says on that email but it It said um It said Yeah like Be a medium between you and the telly I think, that's uh Marketing. Oh it's written here, but um. Okay.
I'm Krista and I'm the Industrial Designer. Suppose I can draw an animal, yeah. Yeah. I don't know. They sleep all day, they're easy to draw. I think the pen is running out of Two million. Oh, yeah. Well that's why it's always in the couch. No it really wouldn't be. Yeah, I agree. B_ button and the F_ button, they don't do anything. Yeah I think so. User. The working design is the structure. Um. It was in the email. I wrote down what mine were. Marketing.
Here we go. Welcome everybody. Um, I'm Abigail Claflin. You can call me Abbie. 'S see. PowerPoint, that's not it. There we go. So this is our kick off meeting. Um and I guess we should all get acquainted. Let's shall we all introduce ourselves? I think we'll get around to that, yeah. So this is just introductions yeah. Okay. I forgot to s say I'm the Project Manager but I figured you all knew that already, um so. Okay. Um so f here's our agenda for today. Um we're gonna do some tool training, project plan and discuss then close. Um so. So our aim is to produce a remote control that is original, trendy and user friendly. And to do this, we have to um there's certain things we have to consider about functional aspects and conceptual design of the thing. So. We'll get to that. Oh there it is. Right. Functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. So throughout our next couple of meetings we'll we'll be covering these things. Um so we're gonna try out our white board. If we'll all draw our favourite animal, to sum up the characteristics of that animal. Okay. Yeah. Both. Yeah. Any volunteers? Does anyone know what they wanna draw? I don't think so. A dolphin. 'S like playing Pictionary. So what characteristics do you like about your animal? They're graceful. Sleek. I don't know how intelligent that one looks. Yes. Does anybody else wanna draw their animal?. Uh-oh there goes the ten. It's a cat. Do you wanna anything? I dunno if the the ah. A horse. That's very good. Yeah. This cord's Uh. Right. Actually I haven't thought of anything yet. Uh It's a pig. So I'm thinking we should design a remote control that's water resistant, strong and furry. What do you think, yeah? This is yeah, well like a cat, you know, soft yeah. Although uh I'll just put there. Right. Oh my gosh, this is disastrous. Sorry about that. Okay. So moving on. Our selling price goal is twenty five Euro and profit aim is fifty million Euro. So I'm guessing that we're not actually in Scotland, we're in some European country. Um, and we will hope to sell this internationally. Um selling price is twenty five Euro. Profit aim fifty million Euro. Anyone a mathematician? So f that's a fifty percent um uh. Um, I don't know what these mean because I didn't actually make the slide-show. Experience with remote control. So I guess we have to reflect on our experiences with remote controls to decide what um we would like to see in a convenient, practical, nice remote control. Um so do we have any initial ideas for uh how this remote control should be designed or formatted or the the buttons it should have. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you have it for the portable phone, so why not yeah. What if it had something like um just like a magnet on the back of it and you could I mean j just to have some place to put it besides like a base. You know like a portable phone has a base, like just to have a home for it. 'Cause people just stick it on top of their T_V_, but the point of having a remote is not to have to walk over to the T_V_, so Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we should design couches that have the remote control in the side arm. Yeah. Do you think it needs to be bigger to not lose, or does that not factor in? Like Hand hand held size, yeah. Not not huge, but Huh. Little homing device. Um. Okay. So what do we think this remote control should Five minutes. Till the meeting oh right. This is what we have left. Um, oh we just Yeah. You what if um may be a little fancy but what if it had like a little screen, so it has less buttons but it still has all the functions. Like the way a mobile phone does. So you could like um like if you have I dunno if you have satellite if you have a hundred channels, you can the way you do it on your radio is that you uh what do you call it s y yeah but you can programme, so you can programme like your favourite channels, so like if you had a s That's something we could decide. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I mean, we have to remember our budget is twelve point twelve fifty for to actually make the device. Um but it's something to think about, yeah. I mean we'll have to see how much that would be. Yeah. Oh I was just Yeah. Maybe um just like a simple thing to have a clip on it, like so you can clip it to your like that's another Um. We should probably start wrapping up, um we've got some initial ideas that we can all look into. Um, and come up with some new ones for the next meeting, which will be in another thirty minutes. Um. So. Yeah. The Industrial Designer, what does that stand for, I_D_, yeah um is going to be looking more into the working design. So I guess you'd be looking at lots of the things we discussed about screen and um that sort of thing. The something, what is the U_I_? Yeah, what does it stand for again? User Interface Designer. So that's gonna be more technical. I guess that maybe the working design has also to do with like the physical feat like just the way it looks and the way it w Yeah, yeah. Um, I guess you'd have to find out. Mm. And the M_E_, what does that stand for? M Marketing, right. Um. So we'll be working on the user requirements, um Yeah. So I guess that wraps it up. I'll see you all in thirty minutes. I just did.
";The group introduced themselves to each other. The Project Manager discussed the goals for the project and gave an agenda for the project as a whole. The group practiced using the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard. The Project Manager presented the projected profit and price point. The group discussed their experiences with remote controls. They complained that remotes got lost too easily, and suggested using a locator function. They also complained that remotes had too many buttons, and suggested incorporating a screen to simplify the interface but retain all of the functions. They also suggested making the remote water-resistant and including a clip. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to research the working design and components, the User Interface Designer to research the technical functions, and the Marketing Expert to research user requirements. 
"'Kay so we'll try to zip through this, since we're short on time. Welcome everybody. Um hope your sessions went well. Um so this is our functional design meeting, we're going to consider um user needs, technical effects, and the working design of our remote control. Um I've been taking meetings on the minute minutes on the meetings, and I'll be putting them in the shared documents folder so if there's anything you need to refer to you can find them in there. Um I I'll get the ones up for next time, um they're not finished yet. Right. Um so can we have updates from everyone from what you've worked on just kind of a quick summary of anything interesting that you'd like to share or discuss in this sure. Hm? No, any any order's fine. Yeah. Oh yeah, sorry. It sh it takes a few seconds I think. Uh-huh, and then press function. and F_ eight. Here we are. Oh. Is it on? Okay. Hm. 'Kay. Yeah. Just move right on. Uh function F_ eight. It's the little blue w it's the one th yeah. Yeah should be It should be yeah. 'Kay. Okay. Well thank you everybody. Um we have we'll discuss that and then I just wanna mention some new project requirements that came in. Um, teletext is apparently outdated, so due to internet popularity, so that's off the list. Um, also our remote should be used only for television, um, no extra internet kinda fancy things, just the remote and the television. Um and also we need to incorporate our corporate image onto this, so um the phrase is, we put fashion in electronics, so let's be fashionable I guess. Um if we have something I mean silver and and gold or yellow are our colours, so if we had a like a kind of silver one like you saw, and yellow writing, something like that. Okay. Um. So we need to make some decisions on the remote control functions. Um, yeah. Do Let's I guess we should yeah make some kind of brainstorming, see what we can wha what um well probably our target group and how it's gonna going to appeal to our target group and I dunno the the s the buttons and what it does and that sort of thing. So. I think that seems to yeah. Mm. Yeah, teenagers and young professionals. Oh, uh. Yeah. Mm. And if if you consider our budget, it probably if you consider our budget, to h have speech recognition programmed in every single remote might be a little pricey. Yeah. Right so um yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you you'd need like a separate base for that or like something you can right. Yeah, yeah. So do you think even though we're not talking about speek speech recognition our target group should still be teenagers and young professionals. Huh. Okay. Yeah. We probably leave that. I mean I guess one takes care of the other, like um if you can yeah if you can call it then it's Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And like if the if the phone's under the couch, you might not see the light, so yeah. So I mean the two remotes that you had shown r I don't remember who showed them, yeah you you did um, they're I mean one looked like it was for V_C_R_ type thing, and the other looked like just television. Oh really. 'Cause that that is something we have to decide, is whether we want to have V_C_R_ capabilities. They're not no. Yeah, that's right, yeah. But D_V_D_ probably is. And and if we're if we're targeting young professionals and teenagers, I mean it's gonna be D_V_D_ type, that's the the technology these days. Yeah. Yeah. S Huh. You know, I've seen some remotes that where you just hold one, like if you hold one down it's it's a different colour than the other buttons but that turns it on. So you don't actually have a separate power button, it's just But It might be confusing. Yeah. Yeah. Besides you like to be able to go power. I have the power I guess. So we definitely want a power button and numbers. Right. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Oh that's gonna Is that like on on a mouse pad where like kind of okay. I've never used one. No. Okay. Okay. Well i We could we could even have four buttons, like, if that's the if that's the mouse, you could have the volume and the channel changers just like on that as well. Huh. So it's like holding You can o And you you is there an extra actual button? Or are you actually you're just using the mouse to go up and down. Like Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Well I mean if if you're gonna this for channels, right, then y wouldn't the volume need to be separate somehow? Like you could just have Oh, like Oh you could actually Yeah. Is that what makes them expensi I think it's all of they have so much memory though, that's it's Yeah. I think it's the uh h it's their capabili I mean they it can hold what like five thousand songs or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. S Mm. Um You know actually our our new project requirements, I'm not sure if they meant o onl use only for television as in not for D_V_D_ or just not internet type things. So I'll I'll check that and update you on the next But we'll hold off on that 'cause But s yeah uh. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. But i Yeah. Um, yeah, let's think about it 'cause we need to wrap up. Um let's see. Um so everyone's gonna go finish their questionnaire, uh then when we come back after lunch we'll have thirty minutes of individual work, um yeah, so think about the things we've discussed and bring some new ideas to our next meeting. See you soon.
Okay. And I can start if you want. Mm. Is there an order? No. We haven't decided on an order. First. Okay. Um, how do I put this I'll just put the cable in. Is that it? Can you see? Oh, here. Okay. So what happens it doesn't work? No. Is it in the right thing? Oh wait, um. Uh. You need to help me. Yeah. Oh, wait. That's is that it? Right here we are. We're here. Okay, um. In order to see what the functional requirements were to be found, um a hundred people were tested in a usability laboratory through just their habits to n know their habits were observed and questionnaires were given out. Um, the findings in in some cases matched what we were talking about. Custome Customers and users don't like the way remote controls look, they don't like the way they feel, they don't think they match their operating behaviour, and an example is what we were talking about, the buttons, they only use ten per cent of the buttons, so later on there's a study of the buttons that they use most and I think we should design according to these buttons. Easy to lose, and R_S_I_. I don't know what R_S_I_ means. Um the person that did the questionnaire obviously did, I don't have a clue. Um, according to the frequency of use and the relevance of each buttons, I have made a list of the buttons that we should focus on in order of importance. So the most important buttons are those to do with channel selection. They're used about a hundred and sixty times per hour. And um yeah so and and people like to zap a lot apparently, so this is the order. Channel selection, teletext, volume, and power. The other ones are the settings, and they're used less than you know zero point eight to zero point five times per hour, and this means that I think we can we could have like a a button for all the settings, and then, just one, and then from there go on to the audio on the screen, either on the remote or on the television. Um, about the screen, and speech recognition, some people are more willing than others to actually pay for that. And if we look at the market, f people from well from fifteen to thirty five year old year olds, I don't really know how to describe this, um ninety one to seventy six percent of people in that age range are willing to pay more for this sort of product, while people that are above thirty five years ol um years old go from thirty five percent to eight percent, so people that are sixty five for example wouldn't actually pay for this sort of thing. Um I don't I don't know um what the decision to be made is, but I think that the people that actually do buy remotes m more are those like teenagers and young professionals and um, most likely, but we should discuss this together. And that's all I have to say about the matter, um. Shall I what do I do? Do I give this to someone else? Function F_ eight. S That's on view. Oh. How it looks or the the buzzer you mean, yeah, for sure, yeah. Well that's for speech recognition. And screen. That's only for speech recognition and screen. Yeah yeah yeah. I mean I just put the values in. But um the screen is the same as what, Yeah, I'm happy with that. Completely. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So do you plug it in the T_ you plug it in T_V_, this thing? Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Just there. Mm. Are we um should that thing be on the thing to put the you s you talking about a home for it. Do you still want to build a little thing next to the telly or to p hang on the wall or shall we leave that for now? Okay. Okay. For the so you have that button, that so there's is there a light or shall we leave just have a radio? Are we just having a radio? On the phone. You don't need a light. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah yeah. You can hear it's under the couch yeah. Um, So need the other buttons. So we have this mm. Mm-hmm. They're not, no. It not V_H_S_ here? But V_C_R_s Yeah. Yeah, for sure. Well for sure we need the um I think we can just design the channels? I mean power's just a button, and it's not used that much, s and it's usually that red and I think it's quite nice to keep it like red. Oh okay, yeah. Yeah. Well even um iPod thing, like um, I don't know if people like this but if you want to reduce the number, of buttons, instead of having like one to nine, have a sort of scrolling I don't know. Yeah. Because people li seem now the iPod's out people seem to like this thing that there's no Know you don't have one two three four five Yeah yeah, it's just and it's one thing which has everything. Well can't it tell the like can't you if you you can have the number on the telly going like one two three four five once you scroll and then It's like l this like that, and then you do that. And then you can have um if you actually just want to zap, you can have like a thing like that, and that, and then it can just be plus and minus. Yeah, you can Yeah, click o actually click on to have Yeah. What do you mean the function? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but it knows for some reason. The iPod knows. Well for the volume you have to press the middle, and then go up. And then well if you do that it goes, but if you like that makes more sense 'cause there's already ones with up and down here, that I've seen. Well what you for the iPod you press an w right if you're on the channel let's say, then you press on the middle and then if you do that again the volume goes up, and if you do that it goes down. But if you wanna keep it with volume here and here, I'm pretty sure Yeah. I don't know, you could click and then have it up and down, but I think Yeah yeah yeah. I think it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Well it could just be simple instead of being a l mass. Because, the other thing, I didn't tell you all my presentation, is that people find it find that it's a big waste of time to have to learn how to use your remote and that's another thing they complained about. Um, what other buttons were there? Volume oh we've ts just said that. Channel selection. Menu. But D_V_D_ players usually have their own remote. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it is only fun Okay.
Who's that?. Could you just plug it back into hers because she had oh. Right. So get this. Okay so now I need to press F_ eight, what is it? 'Kay. What's function? Oh function, I see it. There we go. Okay. Um. This my presentation about the uh technical functions design and I basically just tried to focus on um just what what functions we need and how to make that the best function for the user. So uh and I just sort of like thought about it myself and looked on the internet. And okay so basically um I think i uh like it is really important that we sort of get this done in a user friendly and fashionable way. Um so I think things like uh you know keeping buttons together that like close together that um are used in the same way, uh or um maybe that making 'em the same colour, keeping the number of buttons the uh leas you know to a minimum, and also things like is it is it um is it uh can you c y small enough large enough I'm not sure we c I guess we would need to do some research about, I would, about what size is appropriate and that sort of thing, um but basically we need to make sure that it turns on and off the T_V_. Does it have like capacity to change the channels? Um does it do or do we need to have like functions for cable or V_C_R_? And then, is it findable, and uh how do we wanna do that? And um I just thought that these two remotes were pretty boring, um I dunno if this will work but And I think we can find something that's more fun to look at and use than either of those. Just I mean I like the one on the right better, just because it does have fewer buttons, uh but I mean I think we sh can sort of think about things like um like colour and you know size, shapes, that sort of thing, to best fit the user. That concludes my presentation. Okay. You need the little thingy. Ooh. Do you know about like I dunno, you seem like you know about Okay. Cool. Like in terms of how it looks, or like what it does? Okay. Yeah. Okay. So Is our target group then people so do we wanna go ahead and design this thing with the finder button? So Okay. So the yeah, yeah, yeah. So then our target age group would be the nineteen to thirty five range, what was it? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hu yeah. Okay so are we gonna have just some kind of a like we'll have the buzzer on the som like on the T_V_ itself. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. So it's now like a two-part thing. Okay. Alright. So we get to design that too. Make it fashionable. Um, okay. Yeah. Then it can live anywhere. Yeah. T So i Yeah. That was that was me. I think w I think they're both sort of just like general remo they're both general remotes. And uh Yeah. S Um Yeah. So. Okay, let's see if I can I think still though, it shouldn't be that hard to take like just reduce the number of buttons you know, like 'cause if you just have like one menu button, that works like with a you know, or you can just kind of scroll through the options u that come up on the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like that would be hard though. I mean, like because unless you know yeah. Just 'cause I wouldn't I would probably pick it up and just be like uh why is there no on button. Yeah. B Yeah. Yeah. That sort of like joystick flat touch thing, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think that's an interesting idea, 'cause it's cool, it's it's funny like you f like I just I don't have an iPod but like I, you know, I just like started messing around with one of my friend's the other day, and you just sort of and it's funny how you pick it up and you just figure out how to use it quite easily, like it's not that hard, you know. Yeah, and it is yeah. It is really but do you need a screen then, do you have to have a screen then? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay so we have this like scrolling sort of button. Like a disc. Yeah. Yeah. It's like it's just like the same technology as a mouse pad. Yeah. Yeah and then. Okay. So like it's like a little part of the circle that Or it oh so it's just a region of the circle that you can zap. Okay. Yeah. So volume could be like the top it and the bottom So do you need to okay. Well y you have to you have to like be able to change the function of it to like I mean like okay, 'cause so I dunno, I guess Okay so when you g scroll your thumb like around it, it'll s like say you're go you're going clockwise. That that means you're gonna go up the channels, and then you scroll the other way and it'll go down. But then so if you wanna switch to the to u do you have to switch to a function where like y so you're either in that mode or you're in the mode where like it just has like the four like you know this is channel that way, that's that way and volume is up and down. It just It just kno the iPod knows. S Yeah. So you just you just can either do this or like you can just touch it if you want. Okay. That's what I mean. Okay. Okay so you have to like press this middle region and then you can scroll up, go up and down. It's like a b Like I think we can go on the fact that it does just work with the iPod. But the only thing is like, iPods are so expensive, like, it has to be is that part of yeah, I dunno, I dunno. You don't think so? Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'm thinking we could if if we're hav So ba I mean but an iPod just has that circle thing you know. Yeah. Yeah. Well like since it just has the circle thing, you could make it a qui a kind of cool shape, like it could be a cool sort of you know, because it could be circular, you know, or something weird like that, just Yeah. Yeah. So okay. This is just for T_V_, it's not for or it is does need to be compatible with Yeah. So how do you switch Okay. So like if we had that Yeah. That's true, yeah. So, I know I'm not c really clear on what Yeah, yeah. So you'd have to have like I think you would have to have like a function switch button, you know somewhere so like you can you're either on T_V_, you're on D_V_D_ or you're on V_C_R_, or you're like. So Yeah, but I mean like to switch the fun so like to switch the function of the little circle disc, the touch pad. Yeah but it it would be So but I'm saying like, does it make sense to have like some kind of a button, so like you're if you're on T_V_, like you can switch channels, but then if uh if you're on D_V_D_ then like the channel bu like the the region of the disc that was for channels is for like switching to different tracks or s you know, to different I mean do we need to think about that, that like
Just uh You may need to But sometimes you have to do it it's like a three set setting cycle, so press it a couple times, hold down function and then press F_ eight. Adjusting. The cable might be a little loose or something. Oh, you got it. How do I um Right. Okay so this is on the working design, which is sort of the uh mechanical functions of the remote, um and the method I used was to basically look at existing designs and incorporate ideas from our last meeting. Um so I think we need two basic functions which is just the basic remote functions, the user can input a channel or volume setting and it will be output to the T_V_. And also we talked about um a location function where maybe you could press a button on the T_V_ and it would send sort of signal to the remote where it would beep or flash or vibrate or whatever to tell you where the remote is. So the components we need are an energy source to power the remote, um input which would probably be buttons, although um we just talked about voice recognition, processor to take the information, um something to transmit it to the T_V_, and we also need something on the remote that would receive the location signal and have an output, like possibly a beep or a vibration. And also you need a sender for location signal, which would probably be a separate um thing that we'd have to sell with the remote and people could stick it on their T_V_ or stick it on their wall. And this is just sort of an overview of how the remote works. Power comes from the battery, goes to the chip, um and then it is sent from there to an infrared bulb which is probably the easiest way to send to the T_V_. And then for the location function, you would have a sender on the T_V_ which would output some sort of signal, um we could use I_R_ but we'd probably wanna use radio instead. That signal would go to a receiver which it would process it, and it would be output in the form of a buzzer or a light lighting up. Um so my personal preferences for how to build the remote would probably be uh, battery for the energy source, that way you wouldn't have to plug it in, um a button pad for input, um we can purchase a pre-made chip which will handle all the processing stuff, I_R_ transmitter to communicate to the T_V_, that's just sort of standard, um so most T_V_s have an I_R_ receiver. Probably a radio receiver to send out location function and to receive it and I'd probably say a buzzer for the location function on the remote itself. So that concludes my presentation. Mm? Yeah, uh I d I was an engineer before I came here. It's easy to implement. Locator. Well I was thinking about that but uh I mean speech recognition is really hard to programme, and also, if the T_V_ is on it's making sound and the people on the T_V_ are talking, and if somebody says like one, then the T_V_'s gonna switch itself to channel one, or it seems like a silly, I'm not sure how you would implement it. It's a cool idea but Well you would have to have a button on a T_V_ or on your wall or some place since the T_V_ already has power. Yeah you click the button, it's gonna send out a signal, and I was thinking, I_R_ is line of sight, so unless the remote is like actually in front of the T_V_ it's not gonna work, um so probably like a radio signal like on a on a cell phone. Sends out a signal and then the the remote hears the signal and so it beeps probably. It would have to be sold separately because if the sender's on the remote then you'd have to find the remote first to click the button to find the remote. Yeah, it'd probably just stick it on your T_V_ so if you need to find the remote, click the button. Yeah, so it would be a two part package. Yeah I think so. Um on the T_V_ or on the phone? Um it seemed like a a beep seemed the most reasonable to me, I think that's what the phone has, I mean when you need to find your phone, you just have someone call it and it starts ringing somewhere and then you can figure out that it's in the couch or wherever. Does anyone know if V_C_R_s are the same across international? Okay, so you'd need like a whole different set of buttons for everybody's V_C_R_s. Yeah, other than that region and coding thing. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I never think to hold something down. Yeah, you can have the number going around in the corner. Doesn't it rotate though, so it'll be moving around. Mm-hmm. If it works on an iPod then it works. I don't have one. Oh. Yeah. I don't think so. I don't think it's the wheel dealy. Yeah.. And they're re-programmable aren't they? You can put on your songs and then put on a different set, that's probably why they're expensive, they're like little computers. Mm-hmm. I A D_V_D_ is simple, you just have play, pause, eject, and menu maybe. Oh yeah. But it's cool to have it all on one, because you wanna turn it on then you wanna turn up the volume, and then you wanna go to the menu, so you don't wanna switch. Well but D_V_D_ is only like four buttons. Oh. But I think the circle only does channel isn't applicable to D_V_D_ really 'cause you don't wanna but volume is and volume is actually controlled on the T_V_ so you don't have to switch. Yes we can try that.
";The Marketing Expert gave a presentation about user requirements as shown through a usability study and demonstrated that only a small number of functions on a remote were used with frequency. She suggested focusing the interface design on the most frequently used functions. The User Interface Designer presented some questions that should be considered in making the device user-friendly and displayed two existing remote controls for comparison. The Industrial Designer discussed the necessary internal components and how they operated together, and presented her preferences for the type of each component to be used. The Project Manager gave the group several new requirements for the project. The group discussed several product features and decided that the remote will feature a locator function and will not feature speech recognition. The group discussed whether or not the remote should control multiple devices. They discussed important button functions to include and increasing usability by incorporating a scroll wheel in the design. The Project Manager instructed the other participants to fill out a questionnaire and to work on their individual presentations for the next meeting. 
"Bless you. Yeah. Um, can I do next? 'Cause I have to say something about the material which is quite shocking. Ha. Mm. Right, um, I have been searching the current trends, um, both on the web and via fashion-watchers, and the findings are that the first thing to aim for is a fashion uh, fancy look and feel. Um. Next comes technologic technology and the innovations to do with that. And th last thing is the easy to use um factor. Um, fancy look and feel goes far beyond the functionality of the thing, but I suppose that is included in in the ease of use. Um, our fashion-watchers in Milan and Paris have decided, well noticed, that f the fruit and vegetable theme is the is the current trend and and therefore um we need to go for that if we want, you know, wh whatever our motto is. Um. For fashion, we go for fashion. The fashion in electronics. So we want to put the fashion electronics, we need to go fruit and vegetables. And also go for a spongy feel, so the the question of our technology whate is Industrial Designer. As to the material should be limited to I don't know how spongy it can be, should discuss this together, I don't know how spongy can be achieved but apparently that's the way to go. Um. I I have been thinking about this fruit and vegetable thing and I prefer fruits to vegetables, but that's just a personal opinion. I think I think people like to have a fruit instead of a vegetables in their sitting room. Uh those are just suggestions and also we need to decide whether this should be printed, so that still has to do with the material discuss should we print the fruit stuff, or should the actual remote look like a fruit? Um, and finally again with the spongy. It has to be technologically innovative so maybe again our Industrial Designer should look into that or find come up with a solution that's better than mine. Um, yeah, to summarise these are the points that need to be um, touched in order to get a good decision, and hopefully our User Interface has more to say about the matter. Thank you for your attention. Neither was I. Well it's a trend in fashion, in clothing and um fabrics. But the screen can come up on the telly, the she said. That correct? Graphical interface? Uh on the you can have it on the telly though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Look it even has settings. On the you can just take theirs and just Yeah but should be comfortable. Yeah I use it like that. Yeah. Uh. Well you can have it on the settings, no? They already do it. No. But also if you have it on the screen you can actually write everything out, because the problem with buttons is you like, they have these sort of abbreviations and codes that you're supposed to understand, and I never get it. Never ever. So Well on the telly. Mm. Did you did you get that pc picture on did they provide you with that picture on the web? That's quite interesting. What are we going to do about this vegetable thing that I'm dreading? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just nice feel, but I hate spongy. Well it could be like mobiles that just you just put a cover. If it's a small thing, you c instead of creating an object for it that looks like a banana, which frankly I'm not particularly fond of, um you could just have covers and then your mobile f it's like a mobile phone thing. You know you had there was a time when they had all these different covers for mobiles. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. And it could the colour can fit your sitting room, so if you have red sitting room you can have strawberry, and then if you have a green one you can have well I don't know. Um. Yeah. Maybe a ball. Know, a squashy ball. A relaxing squashy ball. That you can p well I see you're thinking, it's weird, you're thinking the opposite of me 'cause you're thinking you change the the hard bit and I'm thinking how do you change the hard would you put a um sticker sort of? Because I was thinking if you have a cover for the squashy bit, like a Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah I was thinking of getting a cover for Which is cheaper. Well I don't know if it's cheaper actually. Yeah. So it wouldn't be very big in either like how big? This big, and then you just do that, I suppose. Well just a li I can't des like condom thingy, like a a cover. But well the question is, which one's easiest to change and we can just contact our relevant department for that, and just see what the cost is for covering that or covering that, and for now we can do two prototypes maybe and then hi try and ask users what the best is, and No. Um. That's nicer. I think it's nicer to have a drawing 'cause it's neater. Um. If it's a bit like those juggling balls, you can change shape according to your to the way you hold it. If it's got sand in it maybe, or something, you it it just moulds to your hand. We we don't know. Yeah. And the rest is the company the company colour's silver? Okay. Mm-hmm. Should also fit the batteries, which we haven't Okay. Mm-hmm. No but it does it automatically. Does it automatically? I don't know. Okay. Oh, a dynamo is ah, it's a bicycle. It's a bicycle mechanism. It's the en it's like if if something moves, when it moves, it stores energy. It's quite sweet. No. But dynamo the the fact with dynamo is, the moment you move it, it c it creates energy on its own. Which is quite cool. So if you throw it, it's gonna store loads of energy, and you don't need to buy a battery 'cause they're quite f I find them annoying. But we need to find cost. Don't know the cost. Does anyone have costs on the on the web? Okay. Right. Mm. Oh, thank you. I it's strange because
'Scuse me. Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So. Oh, uh, there we go. Uh. Okay. Um. Well so that fruit and vegetables thing huh. I actually wasn't aware of the new trends in electronics and and uh So so okay, let me get this right. Okay, uh Okay, alright anyway. Um here we go. Conceptual User Interface. Trying we're gonna try to talk about, um what kind of uh how people are actually going to be using this iPod-ish remote control, based on fruit vegetable design. And, um, basically, so, this is a touched ba a touch-based graphical interface system. Uh, so people are going to be looking at this little screen. Um, kind of I mean I assume, are we still on the screen idea? 'Cause if we're gonna have to ha if we have this it just seems like in order to have someone going around and using the um the wheel you it seems like you would need a screen. But like if you think about it yeah but if so is it just okay. So, b you you're gonna have to switch to like D_V_D_ and like other things like that, aren't you? Are we Okay. Alright. Okay. Okay. Okay. So anyway if well we just we need to Okay so if we're not gonna have a screen I think I was thinking okay. So basically it's just gonna be a wheel then? And you're just gonna I mean I think you're gonna have to have some kind of a right. Yeah like you're g yeah like you're gonna have to be able to switch to like a mode where you can okay we're not choosing that, I guess. But like choose channel control, like if you wa Because people aren't gonna be able to have like, um, you know, channels one two three four five six seven eight nine. So that people seems to be well You know. But you're gonna have to scroll to get channels. So um I guess that's wh why I was thinking you may need to have some kind of a screen because So that people can go arou go back and forth and choose if or or then again if you just I guess I c I can see like some kind of a thing where like you sort of have like the number come up on the T_V_ like what channel you're on. You can just scroll and you can just get to like five or like twelve or I oh yeah? 'Cause you'll have to like but you can quickly s you can Yeah. Yeah if you do, it w so it would have to be you I mean so you basically just kinda need to figure out like what kind of, you know, range we need to have on the wheel, and um So you're either you're you know, th you're either doing this motion to like control the channels or like once once you stop that, you know, you can like tap for, um, different uh, whatchamacallits, different um, you know, functions like volume or, like you can tap just to get to different channels. Like if you just wanted to go to like from five to six you could tap or someth And then there's also the concern about you know um how do you get to the menu if you wanna change the brightness of your television, or if you want to um you know switch around, I don't know, like, these different modes like turn on the timer or like something something like that, like I would think so too, like So I mean and it seems it w it does seem a little silly to have this screen if you hardly are ever using it, you know, because but then again it would it does make kind of if the screen's sort of just like an option that, like, is just there and you're not really using it, that's kind of m yeah. Yeah, that's the only thing though. Yeah. So then basically it has to have some way to get to get to a mode on the television where you're doing, um You can get to you know, you can Like maybe it'll be that central button that, like, then you hit that and then you can it brings up like the menu on the T_V_ and you can just scroll around, like, to do the timer, to do the yeah, yeah. Yeah. But the remote itself isn't really cluttered up. Hmm? Yeah, well we don't want the screen I guess, but um 'cause that just it does seem like, it that would be, like, incredibly expensive, but I dunno, and then so, it just im really all you need is, like, this little wheel then, and you can control everything. So Yeah. It doesn't seem that you would need anything besides pow I mean and the power button could even be like hold down the menu button for like longer than one second and it turns on the T_V_. Yeah. Yeah definitely. Like, I think we're looking at something that could be, like like even maybe like a cir I'm f I'm seeing almost like a circular sort of like handheld like thing. I mean it it needs to be easy to somehow it needs to be easy to like manipulate and use your I mean how do how do I'm not really Like when I use an iPod, I end up just kind of using my index finger to like control it. So Yeah. Or your thumb or something. So Yeah. Yeah, so Mm yeah. Yeah, so but I mean I think it could be pretty small. Like, I d I mean, you you want it to be large enough that you can But can't you just get K Yeah, But, I mean, do you need that? If if you can get to, you know if so long as you're able to bring up the menu on the T_V_ screen. That keeps it really Yeah. Uh you wouldn't I don't I just don't think you would even need it. So Mean I mean you can do it, you it's it doesn't seem that hard. I mean I've never bought a remote. It sounds like this remote's going to be purchased separately from the television, which is a little My I've never bought just a remote, like, so I don't I don't really know. But um So, um but I mean it's I've never had a hard time with like my remotes, like bringing up the menu screen if you need to like change the date or whatever, you know. And I don't think that should uh that should be too hard. Yeah. Yeah. Well so So, do we need I dunno. Well I guess we have to you know think about But I mean you just basically need the output signal you know to be able to bring it up. That's what it does anyway. Yeah. Yeah. So, but oh, you mean if we have this screen like the iPod screen? On the telly, okay, yeah. So yeah I think, I mean, I think I think the touch-based graphical interface is a really uh cool idea because you know it is so obnoxious to like have to push those like okay now I hit this you know, you have your little guide out and you're like, hit this button twice, like to activate the date. Yeah. I guess. And it is trendy, the iPods are really hot right now, so Um, yeah, by web research, yeah, so Oh. Yeah. Oh, okay, that would be cool. Mm. Yeah, c that's e that would be kind of oh, you know, usually like the touch pad things are kind of a hard plastic typ mouse type, you know, thing. But what if we ha what if we had like a spongy sort of like stress balley kinda so you're like Or what if we integrated the the uh the f what if the whole thing about the fruit and vegetables we somehow made it tactilely fash you know, we c tapped into that, so like it feels like a vegetable. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You could name it after fruits and vegetables, or Yeah. So I think yeah, colours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Unfortunately they don't have silver fruits and vegetables. I do I dunno. Um That's in the shape of a fruit, like a Yeah. Oh I like that shape. Yeah. Yeah. It's like it has to be s yeah. Yeah. What if, yeah, what if the squishy, oh so so you're saying the squishy part's like detachable, and you can so so maybe one you know you can have like the broccoli squishy thing, and then you could have like the banana squishy thing and you could get you could have your choice, you know? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I think uh and I think the handhe I think the handheld part is definitely So you could make that into the fruit and vegetable part. Yeah. So where are the fruit and vegetables now? Fruits and veg. Yeah. Yeah. We could promote the banana one. Like mm. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think, um it'd be interesting to have the b the squishy bit. The part that you, yeah, can change into the different, you know, trendy vegetables and fruits. But uh it Yeah. Yeah. The dynamo would be interesting. Oh. Hmm. Hmm. Cool.
Hmm. Yes. Sure. So I've been looking at the components design. Um. Mostly by consulting remote control diagrams from the internet and also by incorporating design ideas from the last project meeting. Um, so we need some custom design parts, and other parts we'll just use standard. Um, I assume we'll be custom designing our case, probably a hard plastic or some other material case, to protect the remote and the locator. And we'll need to custom desi design a circuit board, because the circuit board has to take the button input and send it to the output so you have to design that each time. But once we come up with a design we'll send it to the circuit people and they'll just print it out. Um, standard parts include the buttons and the wheels, um the iPod-style wheel. The infrared L_E_D_ is actually gonna be included in the circuit board that comes with it. Um, we need a radio sender and receiver, those are standard. And al we also need a beeper or buzzer or other sort of noise thing for locating the remote. So we have some material options. Um, we can use rubber, plastic, wood or titanium. Um, I'd recommend against titanium because it can only be used in the flat cases and it's really heavy. Um, and the rubber case requires rubber buttons, so if we definitely want plastic buttons, we shouldn't have a rubber case. And, hmm? Uh, well we can use wood. I don't know why we'd want to. Um and also we should note that if we want an iPod-style wheel button, it's gonna require a m qu slightly more expensive chip. We can't use the minimal chip, we need the next higher grade, which is called regular. I don't think it's much more expensive, but it is more expensive. So that's what I've got on design. You need a screen with music because you're looking for a specific song, like you know that band or whatever. With T_V_ channels it's, you know, one two three. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My flatmates actually had one with a wheel, and it it did show up on the T_V_. They have to r wheel really fast. But I think the wheel goes through like a hundred channels, at least on theirs. It's more expensive according to the design people. You have to get a an advanced chip if you wanna have a screen in, which is more expensive than the regular chip, which is more expensive than the minimal. Mm-hmm. Yeah. W when we had the wheely remote control, we it was on the top I think, if you held it like that. Yeah well it had the wheely thing and then it had those eighteen different buttons that I don't know what they do. So we just used the top part. Yeah. Yeah like maybe something on the side where you slip a panel down and it's got a whole bunch of Yeah. Oh how they make the menu show up on the T_V_? I don't know. I believe it's ins it's gotta be inside the T_V_, not inside the remote. I'm not sure. Well they usually are. Well I guess that's right. It always comes with the T_V_. Yeah, it most of the ones we've had have had the menu button, 'cause it's not like you need to have a button access to like change the contrast or something. 'Cause it just doesn't come up every day or something. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Or on the T_V_ too. Oh, I was gonna say. You said uh people want spongy. Um, one of your one of the material options is a sort of rubber that's in like those stress ball things. So, that would be spongy. Yeah I think it could work. Don't think I'd want it to feel like a banana. You could do like the computers where they have like the grapefruit, apple machine and they have like the blueberry, like all the colours are named after fruits. Oh. Mm. I was thinking sort of a single ball shape. So you're holding a squishy ball and then it has a Mm-hmm. Yeah I guess so. Yeah you could squish it. I guess they would be either in the colour of that plastic face on the front, or in the colour of the squishy thing underneath. I think the batteries would have to go right under the plastic case. Especially if you're switching out the squishy part. Then you need to have the other part just be sort of a single unit that you can snap off. Well I dunno. You'd spend so much time like squishing it to your own personal hand. Then you'd get a new one and you'd have to do it all over again. That was me. Yes. Uh we actually had an option of batteries, solar power, and um a dynamo, which is something I don't know what it is. Something to do with torches. Oh okay. Yeah, the other one was the other one was a kinetic thing where you'd basically have to wind it yourself. So I sort of picked battery. We could have talked about doing a wind-up or a dynamo or a solar power. Um but I think solar power's not available with the rubber case anyways. It it seems a little weird for a living room anyways. Didn't have enough data to actually All it said was it gave sort of relative, some chips are more expensive than others, sort of things. It didn't give me any actual cost. Most of the stuff is pretty cheap though bought in bulk. So I don't think it's that much of a problem. Like the chip is probably the most expensive part. Um, for things like remote controls, um, they stamp out a chip, calculators too I think. Um, so you can mass produce 'em pretty cheap. But it's not like a computer, you can't like reprogramme your remo remote controls, it's like stamped onto the chip. Yeah. Case is what we were discussing yeah.
Hi everyone, hope you had a nice lunch. Um. Alright we're moving on to conceptual design. Um, I'll just review what we did in our last meeting. Um, under marketing we targeted our audience, and Um, yeah. That was generally how helpful that was. Um, then we considered some design options with how it should look, um, we discussed an iPod-like button system which, uh, we haven't concluded but we're Right, um So, if you all have presentations to do, we can see what where you've come from our last time. Does everyone have presentations? Okay. Would anybody like to go first? Okay. And why not wood? And why not wood? 'S good. Hmm. Mm. I think it's the next it's the blue one, yeah. Yeah but you're not gonna wear your remote control. Oh we s hadn't discussed it last time. You need a screen for it? We're, um, we're actually not having D_V_D_, that was one of th I I was sorry, I I meant to update you on that. Um. Yeah. Yeah. You've Yeah, I know what you're saying, you have to But but imagine someone with s But i what if you have satellite and you have like two hundred channels. Then to get to channel one eighty nine you have to Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah I mean with that many options, you'd uh I'd think that the screen would be better, because you could have that menu option, sort of Yeah. Yeah. Uh. Mm. Mm. Yeah. So the T_V_ is the screen, that yeah So it would have all these different options of changing to Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Um, right. What if I mean, if you're thinking of the design of it now, like the a you know, physical attributes, um, and you just have this, it's like just a long silver thing, or whatever we're thinking. I mean are you you gonna have any buttons on that besides power and this thing? Or Yeah. So can we imagine that this would be smaller than the remote controls that you showed us before. I mean okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I've seen some people just going like that with their thumb, yeah. Yeah. But, were there buttons on there as well? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. What if, um, you had like a b a cover that went over buttons that you don't use very much? Like you so you could slide it up if you needed to like change the contrast or something like that? So the options are there but they're not in interfering with the design and the practicality of it. Do do you know what I'm talking about though? Like, uh, yeah just something Yeah, that you can flip over, yeah, yeah. Yeah I mean I guess that's the thing is is if w I if we can do this, that'd probably be Yeah, yeah. So I guess we have to look into the, um, like, the programming, how this how they actually programme these things, and if that's yeah. I mean it would y would that would be Huh. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you don't know they mean, yeah, it's like yeah. Mm. And it is technologically innovative in a way, so that fits with the B Yeah. Oh god. Ah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean definitely the area round it. Yeah. An orange. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So what if what this is I'm just forming this idea in my head of how this thing is looking. If you have like that stress ball material kind of as what you're actually holding in your hand, so like what you're feeling is comfortable, and then there's more of a hard plastic thing where that thing is. And on that hard plastic thing you can change either the colour or the fruit or vegetable that's on there. Is that kind of I 'cause I I'm thinking of silver because those are our company colours. Um I mean how are you how are you all envisioning by what we've just the feedback we've just got about the A ball? Yeah. This is just Okay. Say that's the s say that's the squashy bit. Squashy. That see I was thinking this s sorry I was thinking this bit here would be the cover and like that's your actual thing. And like this you could have like you could have like cherries and things around there. Um but I was thinking if it was like this 'cause the way you were describing the the iPod and the thi the roll thingy It's almost like your thumb is farther up, so if if you could squish it lower then Yeah, I know what you meant, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Well that's not very neat, but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. It was, yeah, silver and yellow. It l it looks like I don't Yeah. I mean that's another question, where are we gonna we we should have the logo somewhere on it. Yeah. Yeah, th and that would that Mm-hmm. I don't know what the rest of my notes mean because they were made for me. But if someone components concept. Question mark. Energy. Question mark. Was that you? Okay. Oh right right. Yeah. Um, so what d but what do we know about energy? I mean we're gonna use batteries right? And I think batteries sound good. What does everyone else think? What about Kryptonite? Yeah. What does chip on print mean? Uh-huh. Okay. Right. So, chip on print is just means like that they're mass-produced. Okay. And case? Uh I guess that's what we've been talking about, yeah. Casing. Yeah. thinking of like syntactic case and thi um let's see. Is there anything else we need to talk about? Oh when we move on, you two are going to be playing with play-dough. Um, and working on the look and feel of the design and user interface design. And you're gonna be doing protu product evaluation. So you'll get mm m more instructions from your personal coach. Mm. See you soon. Does it matter that I end early? How how early is it? I didn't get a pop-up thing that said
";The Project Manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting. The Industrial Designer gave her presentation on components and discussed which would have to be custom-made and which were standard. She also discussed the various materials and chips available. The Marketing Expert presented current trends in the market and in fashion. She discussed the current fruits and vegetables trend and the trend toward softer, spongier materials. The User Interface Designer discussed the look of the remote with the group. They discussed including a touch-based graphical user interface but noted that it was unnecessary and costly. They discussed using the menu function on the television instead. The group discussed how the menu function would be programmed. The group then talked about the casing of the device, and decided that there would be a changeable outer casing. They discussed including fruit colors in addition to the company colors. Some part of the casing will be made of a spongy material. The group also discussed energy source options and chips. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to construct the prototype and the Marketing Expert to work on the prototype evaluation. 
"'Kay. Hmm. Okay everybody. Welcome to the detailed design meeting. Um Let's see. Our agenda. Last time we discussed the squishy fruitiness of our remote controls and how we might pursue that. Um and I think looks like we've come up with some ideas. Um and we also talked about materials we'd use and what kind of chip would be necessary. Um so for later in the meeting I've done a a spreadsheet of production costs so we'll take a look at that. Um and see if it's changed at all from when we last discussed it. Um so actually I think Yeah um f you guys wanna give a prototype presentation of Oh is that broccoli? 'S a very bright strawberry. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh. Um if you wanna look in your project documents folder, there's an Excel spreadsheet. Um the only one that's in there, production costs. And if you open it up. Um I've just stuck the numbers in, it was a real challenge there. But if I missed anything that we've gone over, or if you see something that has changed I mean, we decided on batteries, and the regular chip would be necessary for the more advanced iPod-like button. Um I said uncurved or flat. I think that's what you have there, is that right? For the for the plastic part would be Oh. Okay. Right. Well yeah. If we're talking about the area just oh I d I dunno. I guess we'd have to contact the company that makes them and see. Um so what else? There's plastic for that area around the button. Um and then rubber would be the squishy like thing right? Um and lots of special colours actually. Uh scroll wheel. Do you see anything that I've missed? Okay so that would make our total of eleven point nine, which is even less than twelve point five, which means we'd be making even more of a profit. And if we sold a lot of squishy things. Boo yeah. Okay. S So Mm. Did y what did you work on? The Okay. Do you wanna Okay. I think that's Huh, the PowerPoint one? Yeah. Um we can do it separately and then discuss it if if that's what people wanna do. Wait, one is true and so these are the questions we're answering. And one is One, right okay. If it's somewhere in between you put four. Okay. Are we just about ready? I don't think so. It's yeah the the marker thing kinda stopped working last time we Our animals will forever be there. Un unless you feel you need it t to okay okay. We'll Five. I I think we should Yeah. Yeah. Six. I wasn't cheating I swear. Uh. Oh I thought it was the other way round. So we do have about the same thing, we just have it the other way Oh gosh. Okay. Well Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Two. One. Two. Two point I think I missed two. Wait, is that two point one? One point four, one point five. Okay right that's I have two of them. One. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Three. Two. Five. Four. Two. Okay. Um No no that's um I think we should look at the ones that like where s where people said four, where um it looks like we might wanna discuss changing an aspect of the remote. The that was material. Mm. Um Mm-hmm. Does the shape See I'm having I'm having trouble imagining the is it uh gonna be the size, like the the controller? It or bigger? Because Yeah. No but I imagine even if it was bigger, like if it's round and it's big then you you can't get that's why remote controls are long because you have that thumb kind of so c they could all be bananas and cucumbers. Um but I don't s I I personally don't think this is comfortable to to sit there, like it's an awkward position. Yeah. And would it even resemble fruit that way? I mean Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that I I when you were holding that before, it actually looked yeah. Yeah. What if um the it was just patterns on like we we chose the shape or the sh shape could be whatever we wanted and then it would just be like a design on the rubber. You know like like just a printed yeah or coloured yeah. Or I mean we could even have fruit like around I mean But if we if we need yeah. And if we wanna incorporate the fruit thing somehow, there might be I mean if it if it in if it uh conflicts with the comfort of actually holdi holding the Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Well see th the reason the broccoli works is you can kinda hold it like that, which is a nice kind of yeah. But I mean is there some way we could make it this kind of shape? 'Cause like kind of Yeah, yeah. Or like even Or even like Yeah like you said, like a joystick like that. You know? 'Cause that, I think I mean that fits the whole round iPod idea. And you still have the comfort of holding it like that. And you could like if it's like this, you could put fruit designs and stuff on that part. But I mean it do we have any other ideas about that? The batteries are going in the back? The reason I I ga I didn't give it a one I think I gave it a three because I thought you'd have to like unc clip no you could Just like any other one. Okay. Yeah. Right. Okay. Mm. Okay. Yeah. And it would probably cost more to produce, 'cause they're irregular. Yeah. Which is why printing might be like just printing the fruit on fruit. Mm. Not really Well we've done finance evaluation criteria, production evaluation. Um so project evaluation. I guess we're supposed to discuss um the prod the process of the project and how satisfied oh, oh it's alright. Uh. Yeah. Um Did you feel there was a lot of room for creativity in the sort of Yeah. I mean fruit and squishiness. How c more creative can you get? And how was our leadership and teamwork? Well I thought my leadership was crap personally. Excuse me, am I allowed to say that? Yeah. Um. Yeah, well I'm never gonna do a management position, I know that now. Um yeah, I thought we all worked very well together. Yeah. Yeah. Very democratic. No spats, that was good. Um and the means for like the materials we used, how convenient were they? Like the the pens, the whiteboard, I mean we used Are you a Mac person? Huh. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I can't say I found everything particularly helpful. Like I It Really? I mean m my problem yeah, yeah. 'Cause my problem was, you guys had access to like they'd put send you to sites and stuff right? See I couldn't do that, so I didn't really know what you guys were doing. And when you were talking about it I was just like you know that's wh that's why I seemed so ignorant when when you were j explaining things, 'cause I Yeah. Yeah. System. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, huh. Yeah. Yeah. Well I mean we really got into talking about like personal practicalit like it wasn't necessarily what was like we would never have thought of fruit or sponginess you know? So it's Oh right. given certain information or Just yeah. Mm, mm. What do you guys think of the pens? It asks about that. Mm. Yeah and I I've f forgotten once or twice to check the box. Mm. And new ideas found? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Seems kind of like an excessive reiteration. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well does anyone wanna talk about fruit more while we still have time? Any other ideas for Um we still have time if there's any other input. I mean the I think we did really well personally, which is why we've you know, gone through this so quickly. 'Cause I mean we've all we all kind of agreed our product is satisfactory, it fits the budget, and it's trendy. So. Um. So I think that's all for today. Meeting adjourned. Yeah. So I guess we're supposed to write final reports. 'Cause I don't know. Hmm. Hmm. Or is that just me?
Okay well um. So our design looks something like this. This being the wheel that you use to uh change channels or volume or whatever. This is a button, serves as the power button if you hold it down, and if you just tap on it I think it brings up the menu. And uh the base of the remote control, which has a squishy spongy rubbery feel, is interchangeable. So you can change the colour, according to your to suit your living room or whatever. And it comes yeah, I can change the vegetable. This one's broccoli. So this snaps off and you can put on whichever one you want. This is not to scale 'cause it would have the battery inside it. This is a mango. The it's trendy fruit, it's not just ordinary fruits. You don't have orange, you have mango. Um I guess strawberry's not as trendy, but So we'll come up with a variety of trendy and exciting fruit designs for the remote control. And then people will be encouraged to buy three or five of them, because they'll need to switch 'em out. Mm-hmm. Well the locator is just chip that's inside there. And the beeper's also inside there too somewhere. Yeah we didn't design that. But it would be coordinating with that of course. Mm-hmm. My impression was that flat meant like like one of those square remotes. But it's really not very clear, because you got single curve and double curve and d I dunno what that means. One side is curved and then the other side is curved. Mm-hmm. No I think that's alright. Mm-hmm. Hmm? Feels like play-dough. I'm gonna say yes. I imagine they're somewhere on the front. We have a little case that you slip 'em in. 'Kay Five. Five. It's four if you wanna do that. It adds to sixteen, so that's four. Oh I thought she said five. Six. Huh? Wait a minute. I thought it was the other way round too. Sh Yeah I I was thinking one means no points, you know, all the way up to the top. I'll just I'll just reverse them all. It's no problem. I thought you guys hated it. Okay. Say two. Two. One. Uh two. Yeah I put it down as one point four for some reason. Mine has all kinds of problems. Uh three. Wait why did I put three? I meant one on mine too. Three point one. I have four. Three. One. Two. Three. Two. Mm-hmm. I think the wheel would probably be mm. I think the base would definitely be larger, 'cause some of these are not as easy to hold. They're kinda smallish. Yeah. Well if they're that s uh stress ball stuff they would be pretty squishable. Mm. Not that I can think of. Rhubarb. So it's just colour, and not necessarily the shape of a strawberry. We could make it that shape but just have different colours, and call 'em the different fruits. We went with shape because we were having fun with the play-dough. Mm-hmm. That everyone gave that a one or a two. Yeah they'd probably be either on the front or the side of the remote. No I imagine there'd be sort of a hatch door, yeah um like on a normal remote. So it would probably either in the f no it can't be in the front 'cause the I_R_'s right there, but it'd be on one of the sides probably. Yeah I'd agree with changing the shape. Um, I was just having fun making strawberries and stuff. It might also sort of annoy people if we get used to having the buttons in one shape. I bet having different colours is a lot cheaper than having different shapes too. Sure. Sponginess. I think it was good. We knew what we were doing. It was a very democratic process and everyone got to contribute. Well you told us when to start and when to end, and that's all that matters. Well I'm not a big fan of any Microsoft, PowerPoint or any of this stuff. No no I never touch Macs either. I just use the Unix or the off market, sort of WordPerfect and all these other things. Yeah. Well the problem is if you don't like my new computer never has WordPerfect so I have to go track someone down who has an old disk and then I have to reinstall it. So I have all these documents I can't use now. But yeah I mean I guess it's okay. Yeah. I never use it. Yeah. My first bit of information was like this child's drawn picture of how a remote works. Yeah it probably does. Yeah. Yeah well mine was mostly made up except when they told me like you know titanium costs more than wood to make a remote control. As if you'd wanted to. Well I think it's interesting how it all went together, like I had the stuff about how me how rubber's cheap, and you have how people want it to be spongy, and It seems planned you know. Yeah. If I hadn't been told that fruit was They're pretty cool. They're kinda hard to write with though. They're nicer than the pen that I'm using, because like your stuff actually shows up here, rather than having to look at the screen and write. But even so, I dunno. Oh yeah. Well they drop off if you like move too much. But I don't think we're supposed to be testing these microphones. Maybe we are. I don't know. Well the thing is, like I actually worked in a company, and I had a role and I had to go to meetings. And like the last thing I would have wanted would be to have to watch a video 'cause I missed a meeting. Like usually I missed meetings deliberately. There's just there's really not that much information that actually goes through a real meeting, like when you're actually at a real meeting in a real company. It's mostly like rehashing old stuff. And you're sort of going over general stuff that anybody who's sort of on task should already know. It's like the there's just really not a lot of information that goes through. It seems like way overkill. Like if I missed a meeting I could probably get it summed up in like one sentence. I wouldn't need to have to watch like a t two hour video with the sound and the transcript and I think I've learned not to bring play-dough to meetings. It's hard enough to get people actually paying attention. Especially if you have food. All of us?
Um evaluation criteria. I've got a presentation. So I need where's the cable? Right what happens is we have to um decide whether this this whole this whole project we've been working on actually um meets the standards we were set at the start. Um. Right. This doesn't okay. Um the method is we well I've analysed the user requirements and integrated them to the trends found in marketing reports and in our company strategy marketing. And um the findings were that we need it to look in a certain way, feel in a certain way, and this is everything's listed down. Um, look in a certain way, feel in a certain way, it has to be technologically innovative and it has to be easy to use. These are all things we looked at at the start, um and criteria that have to be met. We have to use a table, I'll show you that later, together to decide whether it meets the standards. And we we have therefore in total um We have five we have eleven points according to which this should be evaluated. And um the cri well basically the findings are the same as the evaluation criteria. I would like to show you the table we have to use. Um. No. This is the table. Can you see this here? Um so the que the questions I've given you c could you write that down? True is one and and false is seven. And we'll just go through each point together, hopefully. Um. I think if each of us gives an opinion then they can be mixed somehow. I dunno how it works exactly, I haven't been told. Yeah it's in the um it's in the project documents. It's called evaluation criteria. And it's under evaluation. Yeah. You've found it all? So it was um Yeah true's one. Do you want us to discuss this together or do you want us to do it singly? Yeah okay. Um, yes it's if it's fancy you put one, if it's really unfancy it's seven. Yeah, something. They shouldn't really be questions. Should be more like Are the batteries easy to insert? Yes? Very very true. Okay. Okay. Apparently I'm supposed to use the whiteboard. Do we um is it necessary? We'll just do um Yeah. Okay. I don't feel any right um Right so one point one? We'll just go in a circle. Right. Ooh I don't know. Right. One? Five. Two. Okay so do we just add it up and divide it by four? Is that what the company does? Yeah? Oh no. It adds to thirteen. One five five two. One five five two is thirteen, over four for now. I think that's um next? Really? Two. Uh-oh. Right. One point three is Yeah. I really Well uh Yeah yeah. It was one is true and false is seven. I should've kept the table up. Right, well I'm glad this came out. Yeah. No. Oh that's quite funny. Okay. Okay. So, starting again, one point one? Two. Okay, one point two? Two. Okay. Um, one point three? Ha. Two point one? Yeah. Oh dear, okay. Sorry. Two and one. Sorry about that. T two point two, which is one point five. Okay. Three point one. Is that correct on my slide? Yeah? One, four, three, three, three point two? Three point three. Four point one? Two. Four point two. Two and four point three. One, two. Right so I put one on that. Okay I'll um I'll just do the calculations now if you want to continue. Or is it tedious? I'm I'm sorry this was so tedious for everyone. I didn't know how else to do it. Okay. Well the worst ones were three point one. Do does every ones have the slide? Three point one. Slide show. Material technologically innovative, okay. Um, do you want to change it? What are the suggestions? I don't know, anyone? Yeah that it's three point one was not that good. Four point one. The shape. Four point two? Yeah. That looked really good. Are there any fruits that look like broccoli, no? I think that broccoli is my favourite actually. Uh despite the Yeah. Yeah and just have the colour match or something. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Think the critical ones came out to be yeah that one.. Batteries easy to insert for some reason, which can be easily I think that's not a problem any more. No. I think everyone's under three anyway. So I think it's yeah those are the only two points. Yeah. Do you want this and we can all No. It's alright yeah? Yeah. Yeah we didn't we uh it all c sort of blended quite well. Which isn't very user-friendly though. I though it was brilliant no? No mine was really helpful as in my stuff was quite helpful I think. I think it depends on the role no? Yeah. But it must have been quite difficult for them to build a whole um a whole system, 'cause of course they can't give you uh uh anything comparable to the internet for the Yeah, yeah. No. But I think that it it might be to see whether people actually all come up with the same thing. Yeah, like if everyone's given the same input I don't have a clue, anyway. Um what's next? Looks like oh no that's not um It's quite Yeah. Yeah it's all very new, no? It's all very new. Sorry. What what's the end? Are we are we supposed to um you supposed to write a report? Or we ending? Is that the end? End of meeting. You have to tell her, she Okay we have to fill in all this stuff. Stuff stuff stuff. Yeah. Well there's al eight, nine. Ooh. Oh ooh.
You could change the vegetable, or fruit. Yeah. It's been a l It's been a little bit difficult to um make sure that it's hand-holdable, and that the user can use it, you know, it's not too big. Uh but we think that this you know, this size will be okay and we will have to fit the battery case in there somehow. And I guess the only other thing that we really didn't talk about was or design yet actually, would be the um thing the locator. How how so Okay so that's just So you have to have a button on your on your you have to attach the button to the Yeah we have that that has yes yet to be designed. Yeah that c hey that that could you know match the handset. You could have a broccoli, or you could have a mango. So. Tada. Mm. Yeah. Is it possible that we can bring this up on our own Is it meeting three minutes? No it's not minutes. Okay. Okay. Cool. True's one and false is seven. So it's actually a scale. Okay. Does it feel fancy? No. Yeah. Okay. One. Hmm. Um three. Yeah. So it's a one was true and seven was false? Okay, so you guys really didn't like it? I was like, why did you guys design it that way if you hated it? Yeah. One. Uh three. One. Uh two. Uh one. Yeah. Uh one. Uh. One. One. One. Two. One. Which one is that again sorry? Three point one? I think What if we just smash all the vegetables down flat? And like then it you could hold it in your hand better. Yeah. The flat one. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't yeah. But like if if you just squash them flat like and you made it flat But it's still too big I think, in your hand. Yeah. Yeah like certain ones you'd have to limit the fruit selection, like you could probably do a strawberry still. I think the broccoli would be out. You could do, although the broccoli is quite comfortable, I have to say, like sorta like a joystick. I don't know. So Uh. Rhubarb. These obscure fruits. I think we needn't Huh? Oh okay. Yeah. That could work. Yeah. Yeah. I dunno. Yeah. 'Cause yeah no-one wants to hold a remote that's uncomfortable obviously. Or like I dunno, some of 'em you can kind of think see as like like you could if it was only this you know, if it was shaped like that, and it just had that. But you see the problem is you have to attach that, and this has to be detachable. So like maybe that's just too big because Yeah it's sorta like a joystick. I dunno. I guess Yeah. Dif Yeah. Yeah. Like uh we could do I'm trying to think of other sha like fruits that are oddly shaped. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. We could tr I don't know. Cool. Well Yeah the broccoli I guess wins. We were a bit off task. Um so uh I can't think of any So we'll have to like Mm. Yeah I dunno. You could make the touch pad in th in different shapes, but then that kind of re-designs the whole project like, but you could do like Yeah that's true. Yeah. Yeah that's true. Mm. Hmm. I did. The prototype making was very creatively stimulating and I think we've come up with a product that's fun and meets all the criteria. I think you were fine. You did a good job leading. Yeah I think it more than anything we didn't really have our set roles so much, as we just would be like I don't know, all had ideas about it but yeah. No. Hmm. I felt like my I dunno if it was just my role, but l but uh I di I thought that my the information that was available to me was kind of just like or maybe it was just the idea that we had. But there's kinda it was kinda like okay, I don't really think I dunno what I'm doing here. So I didn't really think it was helpful. So I kind of just made up my own stuff and I didn't really like the PowerPoint presentations, so I kind of wrote a lot of notes instead. But yeah I d I don't really like PowerPoint personally, think it's kinda stupid. Yeah but uh Yeah. It didn't really yeah. So like a f Yeah I think so. Yeah I mean, it Yeah I kinda thought that um I felt like I would go and like try to use my information, or like I'd make this stupid little presentation and then like I just would end up talking about something completely unrelated because I dunno I felt like I was off-task all the time. But um Yeah. I wanna s I I'd like to see what what it looks like on the Yeah I think I'd like to um I dunno. Like it was the I think the microphones are okay when you're sitting down, but like they're kinda clumsy I guess when you're like when you're s going up to the whiteboard like. Yeah I dunno. But they're they're okay. Uh I think, and I think that uh all this technology like I guess some people must be interested in using it but I can't imagine finding it any more useful than like looking at someone's notes, or like I dunno. Hm. I guess it would be it's gotta be worth it to I 'cause I'm just mostly curious about like what kind of person or like company would would really find it useful, 'cause can't really imagine, dunno. How about a p a? Um I dunno. Yeah. M meeting adjourned. I think it would be a good idea, I like it.
";The Project Manager reviewed the minutes from the last meeting. The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented the prototype and displayed the changeable fruit- and vegetable-shaped covers. They discussed the locator function that will be designed at a later time. The Project Manager discussed the final production cost for the device, which totaled 11.9 Euros. The Marketing Expert led an evaluation of the prototype. Each participant rated the prototype according to the original criteria for the project. The group discussed the areas in which the prototype did not meet these goals. The group felt that the changeable fruit and vegetable shapes were uncomfortable to hold. The group decided to make changeable covers in fruit colors and designs and to use one uniform shape. The group discussed their experience on the project. They felt they worked well together and were creative. They complained that the meeting-room materials were difficult to use, and some complained that there was not enough information provided to them. The Project Manager instructed all participants to write a final report at the end of the meeting. 
"Right w welcome to the the first meeting of uh Real Reaction's uh um development meetings for our our new television remote control. Uh this follows our very successful entry into the the consumer market over the last year or so um which we want to to build on, taking advantage of the uh the the latest developments in in technology and the uh the latest uh uh feelings in in consumer design and and demand and uh we want to make this the the very best product th that's possible for everybody, uh one that everybody wants, uh at a good price for the consumer and at a good price for the company. Uh and to that end we need all to work together uh to do that. Um and uh b in no particular order because ev everybody is uh just as vital to this project um I'll just go round th the table, Andrew, marketing, um m Kendra with the uh um designing the the the User Interface uh uh and Kate with the the industrial design. Um. What's uh the the th th project is is here to do, is is to to get this this project up and moving, ev everybody is is free to uh say wh whatever they want, uh everybody has a contribution to make and uh everybody feel free to interrupt me at any time to to say what you want to say. Um in in terms of the immediate meeting the uh um everybody knows everybody else, everybody's worked for the the company for a while, if if an anybody feels that they need to say more about themselves please do, if if if anybody wants to b briefly give their their background so that everybody's quite clear what everybody uh uh everybody's experience is please do so. Uh in fact I'd I'd I'd welcome anybody to uh say something briefly about themselves, in fact we will do that by by going round the table quickly and and saying what what contribution you you're looking to make. So we'll start with Andrew. Right Kendra. Right at least means you haven't got any preconceived ideas so. Yep, good. Okay, very very quickly, um this I don't want to make this meeting too structured because the the whole idea is that it's a um you know a think tank. Everybody says what they what they want to say, uh and we don't want to be constrained by uh kind of convention or uh uh slides on screens or or anything else um but um briefly um th th this is what we want to do. The the remote control needs to be original, there has to be something about it that uh other remote controls don't have so that as soon as people see it they think um yes that's different, uh I want one, um and that goes along with being trendy, uh uh you know the I want it uh scenario. User-friendly as as we all know, remote controls can be uh uh very user-unfriendly so we want to make ours one that people can pick up and think oh yes that's it's obvious how that works, uh and they also want to look at the price and think oh yeah that's something that I may not need another remote control but uh it's such a nice one I'm gonna have one. And last but not least, or indeed first of all, it it must make the company money, and we make the company money by producing what the consumer wants. The uh the further work to be done is i the um the functional design, uh what it uh what it must actually do, the uh conceptual design, uh how we actually present that to the consumer and th the the detailed design i is uh how we get that into production. Uh now th the main design tool that we have available to us at the moment is is the white board and uh uh let us very quickly do what i what it says in the in the in the prompt slide here, um In fact I suggest to avoid everybody untangling themselves from the uh the the wires, that we don't do that, um So I I everybody knows what whiteboard is so we'll um uh we'll do a virtual drawing on the on on the whiteboard of of your your own uh uh favourite animal, but le let's go round the table, your favourite animal. Mm and why? Uh-huh. Oh right uh my my wife says my beard looks like a badger's arse 'cause of the the white streaks in it. Kendra. Uh-huh. Right, okay. Uh-huh, fair enough yeah. I'm not sure that I've got any favourite animal to be quite honest, I think homo sapien because of their their uh overall ability to uh uh Sorry? Indeed absolutely yes, tha that's um Okay and uh w we need to keep in mind here that the uh we want to sell this for for twenty five Euro um, we want to m make an overall profit for the the company of fifty million Euros so we're we're looking at selling a lot of these um ag across the the entire planet and and we're looking at a gross profit of fifty percent. It needs to cost twelve Euros fifty to make. Um so we're not only looking at a a very trendy original product, we're looking at making it at a very good price. Um, okay, um would anybody like t like to to start by giving their o um sort of quick views of of current remote controls. No. Any any thoughts about buttons or any oth other way of approaching the p the uh the problem? Or anybody else, strong feelings about remote controls? Are there you know, bad ones they've used or good ones they've used or ones that they've lost and never found again? Um what so wh what's in in what particular style features are you thinking about? Uh-huh.. Yeah d no I mean do you think there's a risk if it doesn't look like remote control, people won't see it as a remote control um and uh Uh-huh. Any other thoughts about um th the physical appearance of a of remote controls? I mean th the thing that i immediately comes to mind is computer mouses which um I mean y you get all sorts of shapes in the shops and s you know some quite fancy ones um than the some from personal experience which look nice but aren't particularly comfortable. Um any thoughts about buttons or flat screens or uh uh Yes, I mean the only thing is if if you're watching television in a in a a darkened room um you need to be able to uh fi find the button buttons easily. Yeah, that's uh must admit I don't think I've ever seen one with concave buttons, that's uh certainly be different. Um do we need it to uh I can't think of any re remote controls that I know of that actually light up at all. Do we do we want uh Yeah. Okay. So, Andrew have you had any thoughts yet about how we might market something which there are already millions out there and that we want to uh uh uh t take over the entire um the planet with? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah, yeah, well I d I think an any uh any facets that we identify w we aim need to aim for for all of. Um okay well first thoughts on um the the industrial design side. Indeed. Yeah. Okay, and um colours, materials? Kendra, anyone?. Yeah. Uh-huh. Right. Yeah. Okay that's uh Again I don't think that's ever been done before, it's uh the sort of the sort of thing that would get people uh thinking yes that's something that I haven't got and uh might need so. Uh Andrew, any thoughts about uh how we might market interchangeable fronts on on the remote control? Yeah. Yeah. I think Mm-mm. Right, okay I think we've got um a good idea now. We uh meeting is uh Needs to be k uh wrapped up fairly quickly. So uh um we've got thirty minutes to start looking at the um at the design in more detail. Um then we'll we will reconvene in in thirty minutes and try to get some of these ideas uh uh more formalised. Uh thank you very much indeed.
Uh I'm Katie, I'm the Industrial Designer and I'll just be I guess presenting about the the inter workings of our little remote control and uh yeah. Uh 's horses, no particular reason why. Um I think it's important that you should be able to when you when you press the buttons it'll actually pick up the signals from kind of anywhere and you shouldn't have to like contort yourself and twist your remote control to get it the T_V_ to actually pick up the signal. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm that would be good. Mm. Mm. Mm. Oh I think it's it's remote controls are kind of a unique object 'cause it's you depend on them so much, but you don't i i it's you sort of just assume they're always gonna work, you don't think of them as a comp like a computer can break down and you're kinda like oh well fair enough there's all these complex things going on, it's gonna something's gonna get messed up eventually. They they just need to be very very dependable because people sort of take them for granted and then if your remote control breaks it's God forbid you actually get up and manually change the channel it just it needs to be very effective, very always dependable. Uh I don't think we should make it too small I 'cause I think it needs to it can't be too big like you were saying big an and huge and um awkward, but also if you make it too small kinda like you know how mobile phones are getting smaller and smaller um, it's just gonna end up under a couch cushion somewhere and um yeah. But so yes dependable, and have a good medium range size. Mm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well you could come up with like novelty ones, like they've done with the the mobile phones, you can get like different you know scenes from different movies and stuff on the remote control and sorta stagger the release of them and get people like oh I want that cover on it now and that'll keep them spending money. Thank you.
I'm Kendra and I'm the Us User Interface Designer and um I haven't had a whole lot of experience in this kind of thing before but I'm m so I'll be working on the design. Right. Yep, I'm just open to being creative. Um probably a duck I just I li I like the way they look and they're just nice animals and I like how they can fly or swim or walk around or whatever. Well I think I find a lot of them really complicated to use with all the different buttons and uh it's handiest when you have one that works both the D_V_D_ player or whatever and the T_V_ as well. Um, but that it's easy to if you can switch back and forth instead of having to press a bunch of different buttons and so I think it's is best when they're clearly labelled and you can see which buttons you're supposed to use, you know. Yeah. I think something that's comfortable to hold because sometimes you get the remote controls that are just those big, rectangular things and uh they're kind of awkward to hold onto, so something that's more comfortable that fits in a person's hand better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But maybe they could be concave instead of sticking up to have them be kind of down so you could feel them better. Oh yeah. Like a like a mobile phone? Yeah. Well, most I think most of the remote controls now are either just black or grey, so maybe we should go with something different or be able to I was just thinking of um what they're doing with mobile phones now how you can get the different um what are they called? Like the face-plates that you change so we could have maybe I don't know if it would be feasible to do something with that, where you can change the face-plates or have kind of a variety so people can get different different things. Have it kind of look how they want to, different colours, things like that, probably just plastic because that's always the lightest. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Mm. Oh my name's Andrew I'm a I'm the Market Research person for this uh for this meeting and this uh project for creating this new remote control and uh yeah I'll be uh presenting information statistics on what people want to want to uh get from this new design, what people want to like and from a fashion point of view and the practicality point of view. Um, badger. Uh it's it's got nice contrast with black and white and uh I feel they're underdog kind of status and they're, the Make mobile phones and T_V_ remotes to make T_V_ remotes. Yeah. Think a lot of the time, remotes that come with T_V_ players and T_V_s and D_V_ players, like they aren't like an area that's put a lot of effort into, they're very boring, very plain. Like it's very a very like um making a a stylish remote control would be a very like Easily put us one step ahead of the current competition. Um. Something that looks looks doesn't look like remote control. So if you want, something that looks like uh something that makes you think oh what's this? Like this pen doesn't really look like a pen, but it makes you think oh. So, sorry that's a bit vague. Uh I suppose suppose that's up to the marketing to to make make people aware of the product. Mm. Yeah. Well from the mouse idea you could, remote is a piece of plastic with the big rubber buttons sticking out of it which you press, whereas if you want could all be flat and the buttons are very kind of almost subtle that instead of being raised out of the device uh you push into device you see, like a mouse button. I suppose. Easily, yeah yeah. Mm. Mm, yeah that would be good. Mm-hmm, um especially if we try to sell, what two million of them. Oh sorry, four million of 'em, but uh I think if w if we market it as as not as not well this you c you could either market it as the point of view we could have the two we could have parallel marketing s schemes where you've got one where it appeals to people that want to have the new device that looks cool, is fashionable and like you just it's it's like uh it's one that rather than ra I wan I want rather than a kind of a need relationship with the device, but that might considering the act what the device is for and the nature of some people might not like respond to having a device that they just looks nice, therefore they want it so make it practical at the same time. I think it's this is gonna have to appeal to people that want device that can enhance their living room uh but also a device that uh is practically sound. So um, I dunno we'll have to decide which which angle we're gonna go to or both. If you. Mm. Um, well we could either market it together by getting control in a set colour or with like you buy it with several uh like you ge you get the f uh the face-plates with it when you buy or as a separate thing, but uh maybe thinking of that, it's considering the nature of the device, maybe a second thing like a second campaign to market new facials for your to your might go a bit astray since it is the kind of thing where y you generally get one and then forget about it. Unless you were trying to Mm. Oh it's that's a that's a good idea. Mm. Yeah true..
";The project manager opens the meeting by welcoming everybody and saying they will be developing a new television remote control. Then each group member states his/her name and role in the group. The project manager states that the remote needs to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. The further work will be on the functional, conceptual, and detailed design. Since they all know what a whiteboard is, they do a virtual drawing by each stating their favorite animal. The project manager tells them the project budget. They proceed to discuss problems with current remotes as well as preferable styles and looks, such as using face-plates so the look is changable. The project manager closes the meeting. 
"Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. P Well the only problem I can think of with that is if you've got a lot of people that don't wanna be bothered learning how to use new rem remote controls. If you just kind of take away everything that they're used to knowing, that's gonna be quite a change. It might Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But look at the importance of them. The volume settings. Yeah. They're not used often but they are quite important when they're used. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Oh, you have to hit like function and F_ something. F_ eight. Dunno. Oh yeah, it's going. Oh yeah, they might be movable. Oh yeah, they're all they're not connected to anything on the table, you just leave 'em on and walk around with 'em. Mm. Mm. Yes, mm. Which one does this plug into? That one. I can't did you could you see it on you screen when it That's not cool. Oh well. Anyways. Um alright, yeah, so um I'll just do my presentation on the working design uh. Oh there we go. Okay um just at the m yeah the whole sort of method of how the remote control works. Uh the basic function of the remote control is to send messages to another sh system, the the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ player or whatever. Um and it does this uh by well, you need to start off you need an energy source and this energy source will feed into an integrated circuit chip and the circuit chip is the part that actually composes the different messages uh within the remote um which will then be sent to the uh the television, the D_V_D_ to tell that what to do. Um and you need a user interface, which controls the chip and thus the messages and uh the user interface is that's basically just you kn the s sorta design of the actual remote which you hold in your hands and what buttons will be on it. Um Oh shoot. Okay. Uh just general findings. Uh what we need uh technically speaking for the remote control is some sort of energy source, uh some sort of user interface, which I think we've mostly been talking about the user interface and the design of that. Um a circuit chip within that to uh control and send the messages and um a sender and receiver. And um oops. Uh-huh. This is just sort of a little schematic diagram of what we're looking for. Uh this just kinda represents the energy source which feeds into the circuit chip uh which maybe then we could have that feed into a switch which would send signals f to um a subcomponent and on to a light bulb between so it'll light up once we start once you start pressing buttons. Um also send signals to the um infrared bulb, which will be the part that actually what? Sends signals to the the television. And then you've got your happy little T_V_ watcher there. And so my personal preferences I I just think we need sorta big uh energy source that won't die out, uh perhaps some sort of rechargeable battery or a battery dock you could place it in, so it'd constantly be charged, so you wouldn't have to uh be worrying about it running out of batteries and not changing channels for you. Uh a wide range uh sender-receiver, so that you can hit the buttons from basically anywhere in the room, and the channel'll still be changed. Uh also definitely a user-friendly interface um and I think we've all sort of mentioned adding a a locating device on it, so when it does get stuck under the couch cushions, as they inevitably do, you can find them easily. And that's pretty much it. Mm. Mm. Mm. Just having one that's guaranteed to last five to ten years? Oh, cool. Yeah, fair enough. Mm, mm. Mm yeah. Mm-mm. Mm. 'Cause I only remember to charge my cell phone uh when battery dies. And that's pretty much yeah. Yeah, when it turns itself off, that's when I plug it in, yeah. Yeah, think that's a good idea. Mm. They usually have the little light uh source, I dunno what the heck they're called, the but yeah, the little cells that Yeah. Mm. Most of them, don't they have sort of a combination of the two, like when there is light, they'll work off the light, and if there isn't, they'll kick into this battery, so we can maybe do something like that whereas there is a battery, but if there's enough light, then it's using the light, so that it's not actually draining the battery all the time, but you will have the battery there for when you need it. Mm. Mm. Oh, it depend if it's uh depends who who's using it, who's just sitting there clicking clicking clicking clicking, yeah. Yeah, then they're clicking a lot, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yep. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Cool.
Uh I don't mind. Uh can I steal the cable? Cheers. I got a how do I start there? That one. Cool. Well these are functionality requirements from the our our guys down in the the research lab. Took hundred people and covered all the aspects of what um is needed by people and what they want to see. Um everything kinda from functionality and how individual functions are how mu how how often they're used and how much their necessary and stuff. And general opinions about current current remotes. See that, as we kinda noticed, seventy five percent of people find their remote controls ugly. So some kind of a new style should be incorporated that's less ugly. Uh along with um looking less ugly, if it looks better, eighty percent of people said they'd spend more money on it. Which is a a plus for us, if we can make it look better, it'd be uh more cost effective and we can put the price up. Current remote controls do not match the operating behaviour of the user. I can empl I kinda take that to mean as um they they don't uh they, yeah, they only use they only work for the television or yeah like as in in my flat I've got six remote controls for a stereo system, a digital box, a D_V_D_ player, a video player and T_V_. If it was uh I mean th my behaviour is to use multiple things at the same time and multiple remotes aren't really matched well to my behaviour. Uh again, seventy five percent is seventy five percent of users say they zap a lot. I took to mean that they just they use it a lot, they use it regularly rather than standing up and manually change channels or volume. And uh yeah, uh I think the big issue is fifty percent users only use ten percent of the buttons, 'cause uh wh if we got a remote that like well we'll have some buttons taken off by the lack of teletext, but uh oh and we're going to see uh on the uh that some of the functions like audio settings aren't h hardly ever used and used very aren't considered relevant by the user. So I think maybe fewer buttons, which also make the design look sleeker, I dunno. Uh um yeah and uh frustrations of like people losing remote control. I dunno maybe some kind of system of you press a button on the T_V_ or maybe that's b it would have to incorporate, but like some kind of system where you can f use something else to find the remote control. Maybe like it'll beep or something. And um, yep, the uh time taken to learn new remote controls is Uh don't want to make it too complicated, easy to use for uh new like first time users and stuff. And uh repetitive strain injury, I suppose we should make it more comfortable and make ma possibly even use have to make it, yeah, fewer buttons, like I was saying about the whole mice the mouse idea of it feels more comfortable. Maybe don't even have to hold it as such. But uh yeah. It also asked um if we would if people would pay more for speech recognition and younger people say they would. And uh there was another section on our on the report for uh L_C_D_ displays, but the data wasn't there, so. I don't actually know what the results for that were, so. May be incrementally emitting, but yeah. And uh it would cut out the R_S_I_ as well if you Yeah, um oh yeah, so possibly the speech recognition is possibly something could add into the design. Oh, I've got some other things I couldn't fit onto this presentation. Um. You see this okay? Almost no? It's sorry it's a bit. I'll read out to you. Uh functionality, uh like people's opinions on functionality, the relevance to the remote and how often they're used. So um like the power. Using the using the d swi the power switch to switch on T_V_ is a high relevance of nine, but it's not frequently used. You see what I mean? Whereas channel selection, which is very high relevance is used the most. So m we can maybe even start to cut down on or I was possibly even thinking of a design that maybe some of the buttons are hidden from everyday use. Maybe like uh a folding ledge or something. So that we can maybe go into the channel settings and the audio settings, which are low relevance and rarely used. And keep the v volume selection and channel selection very easily Oh yeah. Yeah, like the one that like slides back and the buttons are concealed underneath. Just remove them completely? Uh yeah. Um no this is for pay more for speech recognition. Yeah, that's true. Or even I mean you could even just have it left on. You could just put it down once on top your T_V_ and never have to Yeah. B_B_C_ one. Oh yeah. Mm-mm. Relevance of two out of ten, yeah. Yeah. Stand out. Uh I just had a thought actually, sorry to interrupt. Uh you were saying about um it could technical problems of like uh someone on the television saying a channel number and it changed we could maybe have like an activation word. 'Cause I've seen I've seen this used on computers before, where you just you address the remote, you address the computer, and then give it a command. Oh I see. Oh yeah, I see. Mm-hmm, yeah. I mean I'm just thinking of the point of view of peop you could still like lose this remote. Mm. Oh no I I interrupted you, sorry. Oh okay. Um well, I was just kinda wrapping up there. Yeah, I was thinking um, yeah, maybe such things are relevant. We could make things much more f I think the the eighty percent of people would spend more on uh a remote uh that looks better, combined with uh decrease the or take out the limited functio functions that we don't really use much. alright take out teletext, but as for channel settings and stuff it might it might um turn people somewhe peop some people that want the whole functionality away. But, since if we're marketing a more kind of fashionable approach then it'd it would be fashion and fashion over practicality. Oh, we could, yeah. We c yeah, we could even have it as like a yeah the buttons control this and the voice functions control the f things that you would do all the time, so. So uh yeah, if we could uh power on and channel selection and and volume selection, wouldn't have to really Yeah and probably it would look better as well. Yeah. yeah. Lined with numbered buttons and Uh yeah, yeah, that's everything. Do you want the cable? F_ eight. Uh, give it about twenty seconds, or so. Yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. It could have like uh know like a cordless phone in your house it s got like a base that sits there all the time. I suppose, yeah. Yeah. Uh. That sounds pretty good, yeah. Mm-hmm. W like like this um this uh market research thing says number of times per hour that it's used, channel selection a hundred and sixty eight times per hour. Yeah. But then again, if you think it of the amount of, you know amount of use it's like That's it's less than a second, um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, like in the email of television only. In fact they're in the constraints email that I got. Didn't you mention the teletext, just television only? Oh okay. Oh yeah.
Sorry. It could be oh uh I was just gonna say uh maybe like the flip phones that they use? Have you seen the new mo mobile phones that flip out and they have the like texting, and then the numbers on one side, so you could have the most used buttons on top and flip it out or something. Yeah. That might be the Maybe i Yeah, have a big kind of like the satellite box or the cable box and have it just go on the T_V_ and then it doesn't matter where in the room you are, you won't lose it. No. Oh. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay well, I can do mine. Yeah, let's see if I can make this work. Um. Oh. Is it doing Okay. Oh okay. Okay, so this is just about the technical functions. So the method, I looked online for examples of other similar products and then just kind of was trying to brainstorm some possible design ideas and um identify what the necessary things are, what people are what you really wanna have a remote control do. Um and then there are two different kinds that I found. There's a user centred one and an engineering centred one which I will have pictures of and then we kinda have to decide which one this should be. So these are the two different ones. This one um this is the user centred, it has uh quite a few mm uh um fewer buttons and then this is the engineering centred, which has a lot more buttons, and probably this is one that people complain about, about having too many buttons that you don't use. So basically, what a remote control is is you it's to send messages to the television set, you know, turn on, off, switch the channels and the volume and things such as that. And so for this product it's gonna be television only, and then it has to have the uh logos for the company and the colours. And so, for my personal preferences, I think this one is easier to use and has quite a you know, fewer buttons. Um we want something that sends messages easily to the television and I was kind of wondering about this example that they have. It looks kind of narrow at the top, and I was thinking maybe if it were wider at the top, then that would be easier. Um and so we have to decide what's gonna make our product different. E the unique style, maybe have it light up so it's visible in the dark, um the changeable face-plates, and the lighting up and visible I was when we were talking about havi losing it, maybe to have a button on the television that you press and it maybe if it makes a noise or lights up or something like that, so it's easier to find if someone has hidden under the couch or something like that. So that's my presentation. Yeah. F they probably clip to you. Oh. Hmm I think it's all there. H Oh yeah. That's kind of strange. Yeah, people are pro I would think that people might forget I mean people forget to put their cordless phones back on there, so. Yeah. No. Um. Do they make batteries that last that long? Yeah, they have that little solar Yeah. Mm. Yeah, some people are Yeah. Yeah. Per hour? Wow. That's a lot. Yeah. Though I think with digital T_V_, like I know on my cable box, you're not supposed to do that because the channel can't keep up with it if you just press it like that, so you're supposed to use the menu and go through the different channels that way instead of Uh-oh. Yeah. Um Oh I just have one question. So are we doing just the television or are we doing so not D_V_D_ players, we okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Oh okay. Okay.
Okay, welcome to the second meeting of this uh design group. Um I'll briefly go through the uh notes of the of the last meeting uh just done in in note form and I haven't attributed anything to individuals, because we're working strictly as a team here and uh n nobody's working equally, so uh. Um we we s we saw that the the problems with existing remote controls were the uh b a boring shape and boring colour. Um and and we s we saw that the um what we needed to do was to to make sure the device um controls several items, that switching was easy, that you shouldn't need to point the thing at uh anything in particular, um that it need to be contoured to make it interesting, that the keys might be concave, simply because that hasn't been done before that we know of. Um should have interchangeable fascias so people can personalise it, um illuminated so that people can see it in dark rooms. Um and that people might want it as as in addition to their existing remote controls. Um and that it sh it should just always work, whenever you uh um mm uh use it. And that it shouldn't be too small, mm that it it gets lost. Um. Now uh uh I'll shortly ask for for three three presentations. Uh before I do that, however, I will go through some new project requirements that um the the management have placed on us and uh will be challenging in terms of what we discussed at the first meeting. Um the uh the ma the management has had it's own thoughts on this and uh the they don't necessarily agree with with what we uh we thought. Um and and then we'll as a result of that we will then talk through the the functions that we see the the device um actually b carrying out, and we have uh forty minutes to do this in and I uh Anyway. Okay. Now, the n the new requirements are um the the management team see that um teletext is no longer of any importance given the uh the rise of the internet. Um and and they want it only to cover televisions. Um now, what is not q quite clear from their directive is whether they mean th they don't want it to cover teletext or whether they don't want it to cover, you know, videos, D_V_D_s, um satellite boxes, which uh I mean we saw as being fundamental to the uh to the exercise. The um the actual wording of the directive is that it should cover television only. Um and on that basis um I I think we we need to bear that in mind, um but possibly uh keep at the backs of our minds that the reality that people even when they uh no longer they don't look at teletext anymore, they certainly do look at other things. Um the device has to incorporate the company logo and colours. Um the the logo uh being at b the bottom of the screen there, the the the two R_s in grey against uh a yellow background. Um now this doesn't necessarily mean that we have to give up some of our ideas about making it attractive to the t to the market. But uh do do introduce some some constraints as to how we might do that. Um it also has to be simple, which to some extent goes along w with the first one, and that we've already said that it must be simple 'cause that's what people want anyway. Um but they also want it to be simple to get it to the market quickly, which um mm uh is is is their choice, but uh um we we need to talk that through. Um okay, so uh after the meeting it'll be summarised and uh um notes sent out and uh etcetera. Okay, so we'll first of all mm have individual reports from everybody. Um again I there is no order of precedence here um so I I I'll leave it up to you to who who who thinks they would like to go go first? P fine. Oh sorry, you can indeed. Oh, if you click on the um uh the one that that looks like a projection screen, no the one to the right of that. That one. Mm. Mm. Gosh, must be some telly addicts out there if they get R_S_I_ from their television remote, is all I can say. Mm. Right. Mm. Yeah, I must say that um the uh I c can't remember what um f you know phone service I was using the other day, but that had sorta speech recognition which worked uh remarkably well, so that is indeed a uh um a thought and it it cuts out uh I was was gonna say, you can't get a lot of R_S_I_, j just get jaw ache. Okay, sorry. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I mean Yeah. Mm. Hmm, hmm. Uh. Should we actually bite the bullet here? If people really don't use those buttons to any extent at all um remove them altogether. We we could actually have we could actually have a remote control with um I wonder whether we could get the remote control with no buttons at all if we went for voice recognition, given that um the Um now the the age structure we were looking at um I mean w we had usage by age structure, what we didn't have was what proportion of people using remotes were in those particular age groups. Now do we know whether they Forty no sorry for forty five to fifty five age group, uh to put myself right in the middle of it, um u use remote controls to a great extent. Yes we That would 've speech recogn right. So, we're looking at um well again, we don't know the relative proportion the relative numbers in the age groups. If we wanted something different, truly different, then the buttonless remote control w would be it. But if you just lift it up and say, channel one or B_B_C_ It c well it I can I can see technical problems with that in terms of the, you know, the sound from the television, because if somebody actually on the television says uh uh, you know, I_T_V_ and you're watching B_B_C_ then then it might um change itself, so it probably needs to be um possibly actually need a button on it just to activate it. Or or something just to identify that you've lifted it up and it's use. And and then just say, oh I don't know, a thought and and then uh I mean that that would certainly be uh truly different. Um 'cause uh you know audio settings, nought point eight percent. I mean if they weren't there, would people miss them? Vol volume, yes um th w we need to s identify things that people actually need and and it's a function of frequency and relevance. And um I would say ignoring ig ignoring power for the moment, um the channel and volume and th w w given given that we've been told to ignore teletext. Uh channel and volume are the only ones that uh would appear to be essential. Um. So we if we can design something that that looks interesting, know, or looks different, um incorporates the the logo and and the colours and um we can still have our interchangeable fascias even if it's the yellow and grey, um and uh I dunno, buttons or or buttons as an option. Do, please. Mm-hmm. You cer certainly could. Depe uh i depends whether um if we want to make this so simple that anybody can walk into the room and lift it up and say B_B_C_ one. Um okay, I mean you could print actually print it on the uh device itself. Um. S th this I th that's always gonna be a problem I think. Um and I I I s so I suppose one um could make it so desirable that if people lose it they immediately go out and buy another one. Anyway, sorry, carry on. Do you want to just carry on with or no no, no uh b I was in the middle of in the middle of your report there. Mm okay. Mm-hmm. S s we could we could make it dual function voice recognition and still have buttons on it um 'cause we're Certainly could. Yeah, yeah. The I mean the the advantage of doing away the buttons altogether is it makes the thing cheaper. No, it cou certainly opens up the possibility for making it uh, you know, visually very distinctive. Um 'cause you know, it does not have to be a oblong box. Mm, yeah. Okay, who sorry, have you have you finished there Andy? Yep, yep. Um given that we've already had a extensive discussion uh. Ah, there we go. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm, yeah. Okay, can I um I'm actually gonna use the um it's gonna cause great technical problems over here. I'm actually gonna use the Yes, rather than the uh the the traditional in fact, um I won't even go that far. Um something like this shape, you know, sort of something that you can that's sort of a more vertical shape, um that you you sort of hold in your hand, um, well I'm trying to think uh uh uh l uh l such as I mean um something you hold up like that, possibly with a couple of buttons like that, but with the the entire top with the, you know, the uh the infrared or whatever source. Uh so that you know, it's flying off in all directions, so that uh um uh again the n need to look at the the the technicalities of um actually achieving that in terms of whether the, you know, the power requirements of the uh such a source, um you know, compromise the our our need for uh you know, it it being um mm permanently uh you know, available. Uh whether whether different technology um I mean th all all these remotes are presumably infrared, and like they have been for a long time. Uh we we possibly need to be looking at at at something different, um you know, short range, not like the old uh radio remote controls where you'd change next door's telly when you change yours. Um but uh uh I think basically i if we're going for i if minimum number of buttons is our priority, then we should, as I say, r know, really bite the bullets and and reduce the buttons to absolute minimum, you know, possibly with backup channel and volume buttons and on off. Um and nothing else. Um so that it can al it could uh almost end up like that, but again, except that um you know the risk of losing it. Um anyway okay um so Kate, wh what are your uh your thoughts on this? Okay. Uh it seems seems to me there are a number of fundamental decisions to make before we um I think your point about the the big energy source is uh a very valid one. Um I don't suppose we've got any statistics on the the life expectancy of uh remote controls, particularly sort of independent ones. Um given you know, the number of things you buy these days, which you know, have a a a lithium whatever battery in, that's uh, you know never needs replacing. Um perhaps we should have the the disposable remote control, uh um you know, one some sort of typical usage. You know, the the the battery will last know, five, ten years. By which time I mean when all's said and done, the digital television will be taking over in that time scale. Um uh uh p perhaps we should, know, reduce the uh, you know, the sort of moving parts even more by not even having a battery compartment and uh Yeah, and if if anybody manages to run it down, we'll we'll give 'em a new one. Um it's, you know, it's what it saves in cost and you know there there's a well, it's actually a marketing gimmick. I mean it's hardly a gimmick, it's uh it's totally practical. Uh so I th think you know the idea of a rechargeable one is um uh unless you're really high tech and it sort of just recharges itself if it's n by, you know, magnetic waves or whatever, if if it Yeah. Are are people really gonna use it though? Um. I I th I think Yeah, it's um I mean I know that somei times my my wife goes out in the morning and says oh I should have put the phone on to charge and then then she's had those for so long that if she hasn't worked that out by now. Um. When it yeah, wh when it's died is a problem. Yeah, yeah, yeah, so uh um what so wh what what do we think about the um the the permanent mm battery? Is the uh you know, we we we are really going for the ultimate in ex uh external simplicity here. Um you know, cut cost within the manufacturing and uh you know, if we have a high tech interior, then then that that sh may well be cost effective. I mean th th certainly. Um I can't think of anything off the s top of my head, but there are certainly things that you buy. I mean calculators for example. Som well some do, I mean th th but there are battery ones that um are you know, sort of permanently sealed. In in fact I'd Yeah, uh uh Yeah, I I mean th th this needs going t into the technology a bit. I mean the the actual time that a remote control is actually operating I would think is i is is probably, you know, no more than minutes in its entire life. Um. If, but I say if if people are getting R_S_I_ from it then uh then uh then then perhaps we're looking at the wrong market n Right. Oh, I must admit I hadn't um I'd I'd missed that. That does sound excessive. Yeah. Well that's right, and and I I don't I don't even know whether the I don't even know whether the s the signal lasts as long as you actually keep the button pressed, or whether it's just a sorta tenth of a second, no matter how long you press it for, I don't know I don't actually know. Um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Right, so I've got a message to say five minutes, I dunno how long ago that appeared. Um 'cause we're we're getting um right, so I'd I need to sum up very quickly here um. We're looking at extreme simplicity. We're looking at a radically different shape. Possibly no buttons at all um, but if you can incorporate um channel change and volume buttons um in into the design, then then that's fine. Um in the I mean the the role of the of the um the user interface des designer becomes b you know more important here, because, you know, shape is no longer an a uh um a serious constraint. But we clearly only need th the main buttons, although, uh if clearly only need the main functions. Um I don't see why we shouldn't go for voice recognition um and the the only buttons that I think we need are channel control, volume control and on off. Um it needs to incorporate the corporate logo, uh the the grey and yellow colour scheme and there's no reason why we can't introduce um interchangeable uh covers. Um uh d so does that accurately summarise what we've discussed? Right. So uh Yeah. We are doing just the television. No. I think that's quite clear from the the information that we've been given, no? Right. Oh yeah well th that's one I s that's one I sent you, which which was my interpretation of uh of the uh what came down from from head office. Um That's that that that that's their uh their view. Okay, so uh we can all give some thought to that uh for for the next meeting, thank you very much indeed.
";The project manager opens the meeting by going through notes from the last meeting, recapping the topics covered. He tells them some new project requirements given by management. The marketing expert presents, talking about user functionality requirements taken from research of 100 people. They discuss the possibility of making a remote that hides less frequently used buttons, one that uses voices recognition to eliminate buttons altogether, or one that combines the two functions. The interface specialist presents, showing examples of two different products- one that is user-centered and another that is engineering-centered and giving personal preference to the simpler one because it is easier to use and has fewer buttons. Next the industrial designer presents, explaining how a remote control works and giving personal preference to a remote which has a large energy source such as a rechargable battery or battery dock. The group discusses using a battery that will last 5-10 years or a solar combined with a battery. They briefly review their discussions and close the meeting. 
"Alright? Alright. Thank you for coming to this third meeting of the uh uh design group. Um I think we uh made some definite progress at the last one um and come up with some interesting uh uh w suggestions for our our new remote control. Um I'll again very quickly uh just present some notes of that meeting. Um the the the problem with existing remote controls, we felt, was that they're ugly um and that people are prepared to pay a premium for something better. Um they've got lots of buttons on them that uh people don't use and find difficult to learn. Um and people lose them. And We we thought that f for our our new uh uh remote control that everybody will want to rush out and buy, um that we're we should look at speech recognition rather than r rather than buttons, and that if we have any buttons they should be very few of them and only for those functions that are actually identified that that people use. That um we want to go for uh a long lasting battery that we gua we guarantee for the life of the uh uh the product and a shape that will be instantly recognisable, A_ um as uh a trendy remote control, and and B_ as uh a Real Reaction product. So that w uh when people are uh happy with that, they will they will want to buy uh everything else from us. Uh Okay. So again um, I'll we'll have the three three presentations from the the the three of you and then uh we'll we'll make a a final a final uh decision. Um and the the decisions that we need to to make today, finally, are um what energy source we want to use, whether i it is practical to use uh um a a a long lasting one. And uh I I think our discussion was around the fact that uh if we're gonna go for uh a long lasting power supply, then basically it's uh sealed for life and uh if anybody does manage to run one down, we'll we'll give them another one. And uh it it'll be uh, you know, prominently displayed as part of the th the advertising literature that it's um um, you know, for life, guaranteed for life. Um now the the the internal chip um and uh this is where I need uh uh Kate's expert advice and given that th this has to to go to market as quickly as possible um d d do we go for a custom designed chip? Or or do we buy one off the shelf and and programme it ourselves? Uh I mean I'm I'm I'm n not an expert on these things, but presumably, there must be loads of 'em already on the market that we can modify. But uh that that's uh that's your area of expertise. And then the uh, you know, the the overall design of the case uh is is is Kendra's field and uh we we had some discussions last time as as to uh how we might go forward and we'll we'll finalise those uh da today. Um and thi this is all linked in with the the the user interface, whether we p um go for voice, buttons, or or a bit of both. Uh and then uh, you know, f for the next meeting Kate will be looking at the the the s the look, feel and design, Kendra the uh ho how the the user actually uses it and and Andrew of course the the product evaluation. And uh Kate and Kendra will be producing a a model for us to uh to look at. Uh so, if if we can have the the three presentations again please, and uh um p perhaps you'd like to start uh k. Kate. Oh I'm sorry, oh sorry. Okay, so how um sorry, can you uh just put that one back up again, please? Um. Uh d d d okay, I mean uh inevitably a b a custom design chip is gonna be more expensive. Do we do we know uh by how much? And and do we know how long it'll take to uh develop a a custom chip. Right, okay. Right, I think we need to make a a decision here. Uh given that the company wants this on the market quickly and cheaply, that would appear to uh effectively constrain us to an existing chip and thus therefore conventional button technology. Um uh now before we go round everybody else, does anybody um h have any have anyti ha anything to say about that? Cause uh I must say I find it slightly surprising given that, you know, mobile phones incorporate voice activated dialling. So uh um I mean I d d for slightly different well no, I mean, it's if you you speak somebody's name and it'll dial the number for you, so uh bu I mean the this this information is from is this is the internal company information, is it? So uh Yeah, mm true, again but if it's without any without any uh p price informations that's uh difficult to uh uh decide. Yeah, that's that's right. It's like it's it's you can't 'cause mobile phones are expensive, you can't say it's the voice recognition bit that is. But we don't know. Um. I mean uh I su i I mean if given that the um the technology is not well developed and and given that it's it's never been done before, um th th the double risk, uh perhaps we ought to uh stick to uh to buttons, since the last thing we want to do is present a product that doesn't work. Um. Thoughts? I mean do w do we think that the voice technology is fundamental to the project? I mean I think we Mm. Yeah, I I I I I think that's uh Yeah, yeah. Mm, right, okay. Yeah, it should be Right, okay, so. Fine. Okay. I it will have voice recognition um uh if if that means uh if that means we can't afford buttons but I mean b b second question, do we need the five buttons for channel change, up down, volume up down and on off, just as a a backup or just so that people can uh j j just sit there pressing buttons? Right. Okay. Sorry, d did you want to say anything? No? Okay. Shall we move rapidly on to uh Kendra? Uh um ra rapidly move the cable over. Mm. Oh good. Mm yeah, it'll get there. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm, yeah. Uh-huh. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Sorry y y yeah, if I can interrupt you. Well d p 'kay, do you wanna say anything about um slide controls? I mean I think the reason everybody uses pushbuttons is that they're they're si simple, cheap and reliable. Okay, fair enough, fine. Yeah. Good, good. Yeah. So three three there's three buttons on a slider. Three buttons, channel up channel up down and Uh-huh. Okay. Um Mm-hmm. This one on the one side and one yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, or yeah uh th th the I mean thi this is what the we have to come up with is the the actual shape that people can ins instantly pick it up and and know know uh know what it's going to do. Okay, so we we're looking at sliders for both a uh volume and channel change of one sort. Just for the volume, uh. Fingers, yeah. I mean it's it's It yeah, I mean it it it seems to me that uh it uh it al also has the advantage that it it the two are clearly different, um that there's no no possibility of uh confusing the two. So okay. Right so uh that's sorry is that that all you want to say at the mo okay, fine. Mm right. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well I I mean I th I think that what we're suggesting ought to address all three of those. Okay. Uh-huh. Mm I hadn't thought of that, that's different, certainly. What? Yeah. Uh. Uh. Also means you can drop it without damaging it. I I mean it its uh I that's an interesting idea, it's like the old Swatch watch where uh um on only batteries ever got changed in those, 'cause people just bought a new one when it went out of fashion, but it's just never been seen as a a fashion item before. Um that's yes if if if they're made in sufficient quantity W I mean we we can uh uh b but I mean my feeling is that current power sources are such that for relatively little cost you can make it last, you know, a long time. Um but if we also make it cheap enough that people either change the cover every year or even buy a new one every year then it it's it's even better. S Yeah, yeah, I n I know the only p I mean the the the the immediate thing that comes to mind with that is that it it it y you've then got the connection and you've immediately got a sort of unreliability, whereas the advantage of having it plumbed in is that that the whole thing is all, you know, completely soldered together and it it it you know, total reliability, but I mean I d I I uh I know what you're saying and uh understand where you're coming from. I th I s I think if we're gonna go down that route, then we're talking about uh even if it costs slightly more than that, um just building the whole thing in one, then having getting cheaper production costs um and, you know giving people the option of buying a new uh a a complete new thing, the advantage of a replaceable cover is that even if they don't it doesn't have a cover on at all, it will still work um totally. Um then if, you know, if people lose the cover, I mean they they might be well inclined to go out and spend however many Euros on a on a new one um rather than a a complete new re remote. Yeah, I mean it is it's up to it's up to Yeah, it's it's up to our marketing people to to ma to ma turn it into a a fashion item. Um and, you know, as as external fashions change, then we get new new covers on the market and, you know, readily available. And um that's that's right, yeah, yeah. So uh i so uh okay. Um right, sorry. Um we hadn't finished your It's the sort of thing that we want people to have prominent dis displayed on their um coffee table to say this says something about me. Um this is fashionable. I, you know, I'm I'm I'm with it, I'm up to date. And you know, th the the design that I've got, and and it could be a a home-made design, um you know this says this is not just a a television remote control, this is, you know, a fashion accessory. Um, so I mean the the the basic shape i is is what we uh I mean given that we've got you know one one on off button presumably, two buttons for uh channel change and one slider and basically nothing else, um w we need to decide on the just the basic shape of the thing. And, know whether we go down the fruit and veg route, and I don't suggest we make it look like a banana, but um know sort of the the organic, you know, curved look, you know, t to deliberately get away from the uh um uh you know, the the the the square look of most um current uh remotes and, you know, whether whether the you know, the the fixed part of it is the corporate yellow. Um mm or uh 'cause there's certainly you know, the the corporate logo needs to be prominently uh displayed so that people s th looked at it and say right, that's a Real Reaction remote control, I want one of those. Yeah uh the the uh or or b Yeah, I'd I'd um yeah. Uh no I d I I agree, I mean we're we're we're simply it's simply required to incorporate the the the the corporate logo prominently um. Well, th this is this is the whole point, yes, you know, I'm I've got a a Real Reaction uh remote control to go with my Real Reaction coffee maker or or whatever. And uh then people, you know, people demand more Real Reaction stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean I've uh yeah. Oh no that well there's the sim my my idea was something a b probably you know a bit fatter than this but sort of tha that sorta shape so that you can just sort of ho hold it. W it I mean well it's sort of it's it's sort of uh a a mouse, but held, you know, so it's you sorta hold it in your hand like that, i with, you know, and fiddling with the buttons. Okay, yeah, yeah. It's a very good point. I think we d I think we decided that w we're actually going down both routes. That um the we n we need the the manual controls and that they should be of that form, but that uh yeah. Then you just bring it up to your mouth and just speak to it, yeah, yeah. I th I th honest uh my personal view is that if it's not there, people wouldn't use it anyway um. It's cer it's certainly possible I mean, but they we we're going beyond w w given the state of the technology we want something that we kno we know will will work um. Uh Yeah. If we we're I mean I'm getting a clear message that we think that we should have those facilities available. Uh uh uh Okay, if we if we're going down that route, then we need some sort of display. Do we need some sort of display? We actually use the television, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Yep. Mm yeah. Okay, we got five minutes to go in this meeting, so um I d I think we've actually very conveniently just uh come to uh a good point to s to sum up um. So um b b Kate and Kendra now go away and uh pa play play with a bit of Plasticine or play-dough, whatever it is on the other side of the Atlantic. Um and actually put what we've discussed into something uh I was gonna say concrete, but that's a slightly inappropriate word um to something that we can we can see and um Andrew n can go away and th th think about how we can uh actually market this as a concept and not j not just a uh um a a simple remote control. Yeah, certainly, of course. I think I think we decided that we're gonna for for simplicity of, you know, manufacturing and uh maintenance that we will go for a a long term battery source um, I you know, on the basis that um that, you know, if we're going for making it a fashion statement, then uh people are more likely to change it anyway uh before i it runs out and um make an assumption that we we can aim for a battery that will last most people for uh we'll say at least five five ten years and that we'll w we will guarantee it for for five years um. We're having a a custom chip, but given the the we've cut the functions down, um that will hopefully not be too problematic, but given that um technol technological innovation is important, then we need to, I'll say it again, technologically innovate. Um and uh we we, know, we must resist any efforts to uh to try and water that down um. I i interchangeable case seems to be um um important to the concept. Um it it should be cheap, you know, if if we avoid any, you know, electrical connections. And uh i you know, i if we can come up with some way of of allowing people to actually personalise it uh to whatever they want, then uh I mean uh uh this is totally new. We d we don't know whether that to what extent people do it or not, but if they've at least got a a good selection of um covers that they can use anyway, and uh and if if we can keep them, you know, rolling, then uh you know, so they can get them in the supermarket when they go down to um a any of the famous supermarkets, I won't mention any mention any names, um it's uh it's good for the supermarket and it's good for us and it hopefully makes them feel better. Um the that I mean that's no, because we've got so few buttons that it that actually makes that redundant. Yeah, yeah. And the you know, that that solves one of the problems of b of battery life, 'cause that would well that would clobber the battery life, so no, I mean given the nature of the buttons we're having, it's actually uh uh unnecessary I think. As uh as wide cer certainly wider angle than than current, so that if you're holding it, you know, anyway like you're likely to and uh it's uh you know, i i it will work most of the time um. Not like my my mum who points it at the ceiling and wonders why the th th the television doesn't work. Um yeah, I mean I d I th I sorta envisaged that if if this was the the thing, then sort of the the whole of the top would be the uh the infrared uh. Um so Yeah, 'cause I mean the r reality is people are they're gonna be looking at the television whilst they're using it, the chances are, so if if they're holding it anyway, the they're reasonably likely to be holding it to use it, then uh then that that's the sort of coverage that we want. Um okay, d we're all clear where we go from here. Okay, so thank you very much indeed and I'll s see you all again in thirty minutes.
Okay. Um Um p there we go. 'Kay, I'll just be talking about the components design. And Okay, basically I just uh looked at what exactly do remotes do. Uh basically they wait for you to press a key or give a voice command and then this is translated uh into uh light signals which are then seen by the T_V_. Uh the materials we're gonna need to look at uh the two big ones are the integrated circuit chip and the battery and the in integrated circuit chip uh works in conjunction with a a diode transistor or resonator, uh two more resistors and a capacitor and the battery works in conjunction with a resistor and a capacitor. Um. Uh basically what happens is you'll press a number or give a voice command and this creates a a connection within the the remote that allows the chip the chip then senses this connection and produces a signal in a Morse code format. This signal's sent to the transistor which amplifies it and then sends it on to the light emitting diode and uh which is then trai changed into a infrared light which is sent to the T_V_ and sort of seen by the T_V_ and which uh changes the channels. Um. Oh. Uh cool. Uh so as for how we should end up uh using this in our remote uh t couple of main questions are the buttons. Uh y the fewer buttons you have, I guess the fewer internal connections and internal codes you're gonna need. Um however uh to n not have buttons or to use a voice commands instead of buttons might make these connections more difficult and uh raise the production cost. That's something we should think about. Also we have to work within the company constraints, and the company has informed me via email that uh they're experts at pushbuttons and that seems to be the most uh cost-effective way of producing it. Um also with battery connections the company has some limits on the batteries we can use, so I was thinking perhaps a combination of solar cells with a back-up basic battery and somehow between the combination of that two we might be able to come up with something that uh will last the the lifetime or the five to ten years and we could still keep that original idea. Um we also need to look at the chips, uh v custom-designed versus off the shelf, and the custom-designed will give us much more flexibility and enable us to incorporate the voice function that we all uh seem to have agreed upon. Um, however that's gonna cost more, but uh the off the shelf is gonna be uh cheaper and it's gonna be allow us to produce it quicker and get out there faster, but it's going to be less flexible with the features, especially things like uh voice activation, which haven't really been used much on remotes, so there's not really chips out there that would be easy to uh to convert, so if we were uh definitely gonna go with the the voice option we'd probably have to design um our own chip. And that pretty much sums it up. Mm. Oh yep, sorry. Yep. Mm. Um I don't actually have any price information, no. Um it a lot longer than an off the shelf chip. Oh w yeah, we did the the problem is the the the voice technology is not really highly developed, it's sort of still still in an ex experimental form, uh so it would uh it's hard to predict the time. Mm. W just to to incorporate the voice activation in it is is sorta the trick. Once you've got the whole voice chip in there, then it's pretty much the the world the the sky is your limit, but to actually the the big step is to actually get the voice activation chips in there and working. Uh bits of it, yeah. Yes, as well. Mm. Uh it's fundament well I mean I guess it it's something we've discussed uh since the the sort of the beginning, so I th I think in in our in our minds it's it's fundamental, but I don't know that the uh the upper echelons of the company would necessarily agree with that, so I think you have to Hm. Mm. Mm, mm. Mm. No, that sounds good. Mm. Mm. Cool. Um Yeah, I I would say we do, yeah. Uh nope, that was it, that was it. Okay. Yeah, it's thinking about it. Yeah. Mm. Uh Uh I think they're they're about the same cost really. I I mean, I think it's just sort of the the there's a lot of slide buttons out there. I think it's pretty much the same sort of connection. Mm yeah. Mm. Mm. Ye yeah, 'cause I've definitely picked up remotes and like meant to change the channel and turn the volume, or vice versa, so it'd be kinda good to have them be feel completely different. You'd know what you were fiddling with. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah, 'cause if yeah, in that kinda position the fingers would be better for pressing and the that for rolling, just the way it would Mm yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well that can kinda tie into our changing uh face things, like we could have the fruit and vegetable theme this year and uh whatever happens next year, we can have the face plates, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm, yeah, that weird I dunno what that is, but yeah. Mm. Uh, yeah, it's good as well. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. I I think it's easier sometimes to have them buy changeable covers for it than to buy a whole new one, because you don't feel like you're investing in a whole new product. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Oh yeah. I like that. That all c also kind of encourages 'em to buy new covers and yeah. Um. Uh yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Well that that's just it with the covers, you're sort of tricking 'em into continuing to spend their money on our products without making 'em feel like they're being ripped off having to buy a new product. So, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm, yeah. Mm. And that's the sort of thing, once you get the mould set, you can just whip out different colours, different pictures very very quickly. Yeah, yeah, exactly, exactly. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. I dunno that we should make the whole thing yellow I kinda thought with a you'd have like a yellow circle with the R_R_ in it somewhere on it, but I'd yellow seems a bit of a strong colour to make the ent like the thing no, but I mean just like white or grey or black or some sort of blah colour. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, you'd want it narrower than a mouse though 'cause it a mouse you're kinda just resting on it, you want something you can definitely grip. So maybe it'd be Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and fiddle around with it and press it. Maybe almost like a hairbrush, like you could get the about the width of that end of the pen and then it widens up top and you can fiddle an yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But do you know, this shape also kind of les lend itself to to voice 'cause if you're you're holding it and you're fiddling, but you can also bring it up like that and it's microphone-esque, yeah, yeah. Mm. Bu Mm. Well you can still i incorporate the voice with with less buttons. I mean uh if the power button was also somehow like a menu button you could press that and or do voice commands, and either volume thing could also be to scroll through other options like y and you could scroll through brightness and and sc and then you can you can minimise the buttons and still have those, you know, brightness and tint and stuff. Yeah Yeah. But the television would be the display that things like that usually c pop up on a televi like you hit menu and menu will come up on television and have like tint brightness, and you'd use the scroll, scroll through it yeah. Yeah, yeah, that's true. I never understood how that worked though, but yeah. Yeah, mm. Mm, oka yeah. Yeah. Cool. Play with play-dough. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm, does actually, yeah, yeah. Mm different to feel, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm. Mm. Yep, sounds good. 'Kay. 'Kay.
Also lots of mobile phones have got a lot of technology in them, not just that, so. Would Oh I was just gonna say mayb maybe it sh like um maybe we can like cut corners somewhere else to bring in over cost. Uh yeah, it's the second most important aspect to users that the device should be technologically innovative. From uh my presentation show, so. Uh technologically innovative. Mm. Well, if you g if you if you got a channel up down, we can have a slider in that as well. Because if it if you no if you notice on the thing it it kind of like has got kind of if you you know it s kind of like sticks, if you know what I mean, up like one unit, if you see what I mean. So it kinda goes up one, then y like you can keep rolling it up, but it's like like like like a cog or something. So you kinda take it up one at a time. D Oh. Uh you could you could as l as like a mouse you could Yeah, like the shape of it almost like a mouse, with a Dep I dunno if it depending on the final shape of it, 'cause you could have like, I dunno, it looks like you can c control the volume with your thumb, and then you could control the buttons with your fingers. Oh yeah, yeah. Here we go. Uh yeah, this is my report on trend watching. The data's come off internet uh from executive summary for us on the top three things wanted by the consumer. And we got reports from Paris, Milan on new fashions. And uh the most important aspect is the l the look it has to look fancy, look and feel uh instead of the current functional look and feel. This is a st well I was gonna say yeah twice as important as the second aspect, which is the technologically innov innovative um side of it. So uh and the third being easy to use is probably a given, we have to try and incorporate, so uh Uh exactly, yeah. I s that out of sequence? Uh yeah, sorry. Uh yeah, and uh from the fashion watchers from Milan and Paris have said fruit and vegetables are an important theme for clothes and furniture and shoes, et cetera. Uh sorry, clothes, shoes and furniture and uh a spongy material to be used on the on the outside. Yeah. But uh I was gonna say um yeah, fruit and vegetables, uh important to this year um important to furniture, I'm just gonna say uh f like it's in if if fashion if we're going for the it looks fancy, then fashion is obviously the line we gotta be going through. But fashions do don't last very long. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, we can have a sp like a spongy skin on it and then we can just whip that off and A kind of yeah. Oh Yeah. That's c cool. Um you have we could if we could save depending on the cost of the product itself, you know, could we have uh a cheaper b cheaper power source and then just have it annually renewed? Instead of having a ten year guarantee? With interchangeable covers, could just buy a new one every year, a new one when new fashions come out. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Or well, but like uh like more than just the battery, like a complete different like you've only got like, you know like th uh this bit's the bit you keep, and this is the expensive bit, this is like the chip and this is the microphone. And then this is the power source and the bit everyone sees. And then Yeah, you probably are right. Um oh, don't worry it's all said, I was just gonna say uh yeah, are we gonna make this as part of like like uh a part of the f like it it the fashions apply to furniture, so are we gonna make this part of the furniture? Yeah. This is fashionable with Oh yeah. And make that a fashion symbol as well. Yeah, that sounds Um I'm just I'm suddenly realising that yeah we're discussing how much how good it's gonna be to change channels t we still can just tell it to. I mean are we are we starting to get away from the the voice functionality of it? Yeah, maybe we cou like w like we're leaving out the buttons for the the f less frequently used stuff, but maybe we could incorporate that into the voice. Mm I suppose, but t there is the off chance that, you know, th the brightness is wrong on your T_V_ or the contrast needs changing. Hmm yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Well I mean on a onto like a mouse, the ru the scrolling button, is actually a button as well, you could press it, you could press that and have it as a menu button. Uh yeah. Hmm. Uh can I just get some things clear just for my sake. Our energy source is gonna be long term. Cool. Uh And we're having a custom chip? And interchangeable case? Mm, mm-hmm. And uh are we gonna have it il being illuminated from inside onto the buttons or Cool. Are we having it that it's any angle, or is it just As wide as possible. Mm-hmm.
I I just have a question about that. Um does it make a difference if there are just a few commands, for example if you um can pre-programme in like numbers one through ten and pre-programme say, you know, nine channels and then just use the voice recognition to say channel one and then you've programmed in say B_B_C_ four as your channel one, as your favourite, it's like to have a certain number of favourites um and that w Okay. Then it doesn't matter. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Of course mobile phones do tend to be more expensive, you know, hundred and fifty pounds or something. As opposed to the twenty Euros, twenty five Euros. Yeah. Yeah. Well, another thought I oh, sorry, go ahead. Oh yeah. Okay. Well, I kinda think if we're gonna have the voice recognition for part of it, then maybe we should have it for the whole thing. And we've been talking about it the whole time. Anyway, I'm I'm incli kinda inclined to say that we should just go for it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think so. Okay. Let's see. Oh. Yes. Is it gonna work? Okay. Okay, so I did some research on the internet and um what you know, the interf user interface are just aspects that are seen by users, um commands and mechanisms for the operation, and there're just kind of a variety of choices. Um findings, so a lot of times they tend to look cluttered and these were just a couple examples of um different kinds that are a little bit more unusual. There're some special ones available, like this one right here, which is marketed towards children, um different designs, and one of the things that n we need to watch out for is a V_ in volume because people some Bring a little picture of what I thought ours could look like. So just kind of minimise the clutter, avoid too many buttons and also um one of the things that people have used is a slide button, like you have on a mouse, that possibly we could use that on the sides for volume, for example, have the slide button on the side, and then you can pre-programme the channels, the voice recognition and then the voice response sample locator. Just because I n for example if I'm using a mouse I like to be able to slide it up and down so I thought it might be good for volume to just be able to kind of roll it and then have the up and down and then the this is my great little drawing. Y yes, yes. Yeah. The only advantage I was thinking of to having the buttons, like the buttons on one side for the channel, and then the slider is that if you're just holding in your hand, and you pick it up, it's easy to n s know, okay, this is just the volume and this is the channel. Yeah. That was Yeah. Um well I was thinking kind of just for the volume, but what what do you guys think? We could Yeah, yeah. B Yeah. Yeah. I'm just gonna pass this along. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah like the kind you get on like hand weights. You know, that kind of spongy yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Wh What if we included the batteries in the cover? So um like Yeah, so can I see that thing? Just this as examples. So f Yeah, I guess that's true. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just another five Euro to get Right. Yeah. Yeah, like they have for mobile phones that are just fruits and animal prints and colours. Yeah, okay. Yeah, like an. Yeah. Yeah. Well n Well I was sort of mm kinda picturing like maybe um a shape that's almost like a mouse. So that, you know, when they hold it it's because a mouse is pretty comfortable to hold in your hand um maybe we could make it a slightly different shape so they could hold on to it, but that way they can have the volume on the side and then the channel buttons and have the power, wherever, somewhere. I mean that was just an idea that I had. Yeah. Yeah, maybe. Kind of a c Yeah. Sort of a combination. Yeah. Yeah so yeah, kind of maybe maybe a little wider than this, 'cause this is pretty comfortable to hold, and then if you had Yeah, then wider up here. And then it would have a l uh wider thing to uh have the light, the infrared light at the T_V_ and just kinda change channels and adjust the volume and the power could be wherever, up up the top or something. What do you guys think about that? Oh yeah. It is a very good point. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and just say Yeah, I suppose I sup So I guess we could have a menu button as well. We could have the channels and the power and then a menu button and then the volume. So have four buttons and the volume instead of three buttons and the volume. Yeah, that's on the T_V_, yeah. Yeah, and then y Yeah, press that is t yeah, that might work. Yeah, it's like um yeah, it's like the mouse where you just kinda click it. You just press it. Yeah, and you could just click that to so if you had like the menu then you could scroll through and then click it to select. You know what I mean? Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, and especially for making them so like different and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like this or like this. Yeah, kinda like this whole So you could use like this and it would go. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Okay.
";The project manager opens the meeting by recapping the discussions of the previous meeting, telling the group this meeting's agenda, and stating what each person will do for the next meeting. Then the industrial designer talks about the components design and explains exactly what remotes do and how they operate. He also talks about batteries and chips. The interface specialist present research from the internet about user interface. He talks about minimizing the clutter on the remote, and suggests using a slide button like on a mouse. The marketing expert presents, talking about trend-watching and how fruits and vegetables are currently an important theme. They talk about making changable colors available and possibly including batteries with them. They discuss what the remote should look like in terms of shape color, and then talk about components, materials, and energy sources. Then they close the meeting. 
"Could have one for your stereo, one for your D_V_ player. Yeah I kinda had a a kinda a natural kind of a idea where it's like more of a kind of like a kinda maybe slightly like thinner, yeah, kinda like that kinda like a flower or a plant for the more natural kinda Uh yeah, just click there. Uh the the maximise button. Evaluation. The the product or the project? Um, well well my presentation just now? Sure, uh can I get the Cheers. There we go, oh. Method of evaluation testing the product was to just if it met all the criteria all the conditions that we set out to set out to solve, from the point of view of the the consumer and the management. So what I've been asked to do is, on the whiteboard um gauge our team response to these questions. So, on a scale of one to seven, one being true and seven being being false. Yeah. And then at the end just take an average Yes. So uh. So, look at these questions. Is the device f flashy and fashionable? So uh and also uh technologically innovative? Easy to use? Uh suitable for the consumer? That was um Yeah. Uh is it complicated? Doing pretty well so far aren't we? Uh functional? Um. Where are we? We've b built in the the speech, where are you, function. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. And uh, what else? The R_S_I_ compares to the current standards, well. We we uh yeah it was our it was a we made an actual effort to Um will device appeal to all age groups? Yeah, uh that's a good call, yeah. Well we had the we had the data saying that old people will be less likely to pay extra money but the funct the increased functionality, the e ease of use of the device might make up for that. Mm. Uh can you just click the my mouse to move onto next page? Uh, yeah and what h did we make the management's Um. Okay. So uh one two three four five six seven eight nine ten eleven. Eleven divided by eleven's one so equals average of one. And that roughly concludes my evaluation of the of the product.
Mm. S And so we figured it would be kind of you know a light weight plastic, just kind of a light non-descript grey so that people'll wanna buy the covers and then the covers will be that sort of rubbery material like they make iPod covers, so they kinda just stretch over. Yeah, well I I didn't know that but yeah they're kind of it's just kind of a rubbery and that way you know spongy like is something that people wanted and it just sort of stretches over and that way I think probably helps protect it a little bit too as well and just kinda stretch it over and it'll just stay on and then the buttons come through and so and then the each one of 'em on the very end will have the logo with the yellow circle and the R_R_. Yeah. Like that. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, just kind of Or just make it little. Somewhere like that so it just sort of Yeah. Bu. fall over. Yeah. Yeah.. 'S a little longer. Yeah. I think it is yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think it made we met all of the consumer wants. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Yeah I think just the simplicity of it and not having to learn to programme and not having you know a million buttons. Under the cost. Yeah,. I mixed up the colours a little bit. I think I all wrong. Mm. Ps I don't think so, I mean I think we worked well together and looked really at what the consumers wanted and what we were trying to make and you know, seemed to discuss things pretty well and come to group consensus and Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Okay.
Uh okay we basically have the same kinda lay-out here it's just um you hold it like this and it gets kinda moulded to the to the shape of your hand, basically. Um on the left we've got the scroll for the volume, on the right we have buttons for the channels up and down and that kinda so you can hold it and scroll, or you can hold it and and push. Uh this is the power key, um it's kinda like the biggest so you know how to turn on. Uh that's the little menu key. This is the infra-red section so you g it'll be sending rays and if you're you know pointing it like that it can send it, or if you hold it up like that it'll send it. Uh we got a microphone there which for all the voice commands so you can you know talk to it like that and it'll still understand. Um the logo is down down there um and has the cover on it and you can see like it just kinda goes the red bit's the cover and it kinda goes over everything and then there's holes for the buttons to come through. Um. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But it's also e e easier to put on versus like mobile covers you actually have to screw them on and stuff and you kinda sometimes have to get someone to do that for you. This is very much you should be able to stretch it over yourself and it'll be fine. Yeah. Yeah. Li that'll be the covers as well, yeah yeah. Yeah it could stand, yeah. Well we could broaden the broaden it out a bit so it would stand like that. Yeah, standing. Yeah, we could just widen it out uh Mm. Mm. Mm, yeah, yeah. Have to if we just lengthen it I guess so it comes down to the base of the hand and then flatten it out and could sit there. Yeah, mm. Yeah. Yeah. We might have to lengthen it so it kinda your hand still holds it and have it there, yeah, yeah, yeah like that, like that. Yeah. Mm. The final product would actually stand up, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Wee Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah I'd say definitely a one yeah. Yeah, defi yeah, yeah Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Yeah definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm-hmm. No, not at all. Uh Yeah it is sorta the the handle more ergonomically correct as well. yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. I I I think it will tend to appeal more to younger aged groups just 'cause we have gone with the fashion focus and the younger people tend to would be more conscious of that aspect of it, but um I think it should still appeal on a certain level to everybody, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yep. Well done us. Excellent. Oh no that's Uh.. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yep. Yep. Cool, thank you,
Right well. Welcome to the what should be the last of these meetings and uh it looks like we've uh done a good job here and uh we'll just go through the the final uh the final details. Um okay, oh the um th the the minutes of the last meeting uh I think we'll take those as read, um Okay the um th the the next uh thing we we we'll have a look at the uh th have a look at the prototypes and uh look at the uh evaluation criteria and finance and then uh uh just tidy up with production and um and then we can close. Um So f if if you'd like to uh present your your proposals. Uh-huh. Yep, yeah, good, good. Uh-huh. Yep, right. Uh-huh. Yep, yep, mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Yep yep. Yep. showing me age, I don't know what i c iPod covers are like. Yeah yeah. Uh-huh. Okay, yep, right. Okay. Yep. Okay, good yeah. Yep, right. Yeah, yeah. I mean tha it's it's a detailed point, I just wondered I mean h how will people put these down I wonder? Right. Okay for some strange re reason I had it in my mind that they'd put them down vertically but uh uh Yeah, uh no because particularly if they've dif if they're gonna have it as a you know as a fashion item uh I mean it it's uh it it's just I mean it's just a minor detailed point, but um as you say you can just make the base a little bit bigger and uh Yeah and uh it just needs another uh another logo somewhere is is is is all it gives gives people the option and if if say if they've got them um because actually have several upon the uh Yeah, well. Yeah but that that's uh but uh no the the the overall uh the overall concept is uh yeah yeah, no no, I mean that's these uh Yeah. But uh yeah but no th but the yeah the the the Yeah, yeah, yeah, I mean it it's uh wouldn't wouldn't do that, indeed yeah. But th th but th yeah th b the these were all minor minor uh minor details, I think the uh the basic concept i i is is absolutely bang on and the i it certainly meets our criteria of being uh of you know looking different. Um, so good that's that that's excellent. Um right let us um What's on the next one? Oh right yes, let's have a look at the um f finance. Um, now we're given a a clear design brief, uh if I get the uh spreadsheet up. Oh.. Oh right. Ah. Good, this is why we need to make these things simple so that the uh the the the boss can understand. Now I've um this is the company's uh uh costing for for various uh uh aspects of design and I I I've treated some of these slightly uh liberally given the constraints placed on us, um I wouldn't know for in for instance if if they require us to have it in the corporate colours, then that is not a special colour, that's a that's a standard colour. Uh, so we're just simply on batteries, the the one th the one decision I've had to make is that um we're we will have to find a s a regular standard chip to to do this with and I I um I'm I'm I'm certain that they they are around so, um that I don't think is a a serious problem. The uh the the voice sensor is is expensive but we we made a a basic decision that that was absolutely fundamental to the to the design so that that has to stay. Um then again the the the the shape of the case means that it's it's expensive to uh um l to make 'cause of the the th the double curves but on the other hand because of our overall fashion concept um we we should exceed the the sales targets. Um it's simply made of plastic so th that's uh that's no problem and uh um just because the whole the colour of the the whole thing that's uh uh there's some cost there. Um and uh we haven't actually got a scroll wheel we we we got push buttons and and a simple uh um slider so um and the and the the buttons are uh uh well I do don't know that they're special colour. Anyway the the costings uh come in at exactly on target at twelve point five uh but I thi I think we have a a very strong case to argue that uh what what we've got is is so in innovative and uh and different that um any any slight compromise we have to make on on cost is is offset by the uh you know the uh you know the the the the concept of it being a a fashion accessory and and having the the interchangeable covers so uh um you know the if if if the management expect us to be techno again fail again technologically innovative um that they they have to accept that we we can't operate absolutely within uh the constraints that they give, so uh we we we present this as the uh the company's uh the the company's way forward and uh uh I I think we can argue that we we have uh come in on on budget. Um. Okay, uh. So um. Does anybody want to uh uh Andrew do you want what do you want to say about um the uh yeah the evaluation where where you know well where where we're where where we're at? The the the well the I meant the product. Yeah. Oh sorry yeah um, mm. Mm. More loud clicks in the microphone. Seven being a nice round number to work to. Tr On for true and seven for flase. Yes. Well I think most definitely. Yes the voice technology indeed. I don't see we could've made it any easier. Totally. No. Yeah. found easily. yeah I mean that's that's Yeah. Does it take long to learn to use? Shouldn't. Less buttons so it must be. So yeah, um um. I think it will because I mean uh old older people who can't manage the buttons anyway will actually probably like the like like the voice bit so And it's it's it's well I don't think we're actually charging a particular premium anyway, in the end, so Yeah. Yeah. It will appeal f for dif for different reasons but it's it's uh yeah yeah so I I yeah I Yeah, so I think we can reasonably say it's another another one, why not? in in in in my interpretation of management's instructions uh is that yes it it meets the requirement is t it's television only, it's it's simple to use, um it's it's it's within budget, um I it's uh yes an an any minor points we we we argue. So uh I I think we've done an amazing job in uh coming up with what Need a need a calculator for that. Okay, nick the cable back then. Ooh. Right do um either of you want to uh say anything? Mm. Before I uh No. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's right, I mean th this this slide here I mean the satisfaction with uh room for creativity, I mean I think we've allowed ourselves uh as much creativity as the uh the the the product uh allows. Um I won't comment on leadership, uh teamwork I think we've uh I think everybody's uh worked pretty well together. Um we've just about coped with the whiteboard and digital pens, uh I think the results speak for itself and new ideas found, um, again gi no given relatively everyday product, I think we've v very uh very effectively come up with a a new uh uh a new approach. Um are the costs within budget? Yes. Is the project evaluated? We're we're all happy that it it meets all the criteria, um Thank you very much indeed, I think that I think that's uh I think we can go f for an early bath. So I call the meeting closed. Not sure how far ahead of schedule we were there.
";The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda. Then the industrial designer and interface specialist present the prototype, showing where they placed each button, function, and the company logo. Then they talk about the material they chose, which is light gray colored and light weight plastic so that people will want to buy covers. Next they take a brief look at the finance by examining the materials used, chip required, shape, and color. They are exactly on target at twelve point five. Next the marketing expert administers the product evaluation, and the group talks about whether the device is flashy and fashionable, technologically innovative, easy to use, suitable for the consumer, complicated, how long it would take to learn to use it, and its appeal to all age groups. They come up with an average of 1 for the evaluation. They briefly discuss the project process and agree that they worked well together, had excellent teamwork, and created an effective product that meets the budget cost. They close the meeting by thanking one another. 
"Uh yeah. Fine now. Oh, it's not liking us, it went that-a-way. Computer adjusting. Oh. Uh. Okay. So. Right. You ready back there? Uh okay. Welcome everyone. Um this is the kick-off meeting for the day. Um we're the new group uh to create a new remote control for Real Reaction. As you can see our agenda is to open up the meeting, um become acquainted with each other, um have a little training on tools, uh create a plan, discuss things and and we only have twenty minut twenty five minutes total. Okay. The new remote control is to be original, trendy and user-friendly. That, Steph, is your part, is the user-friendliness. The originality um is gonna take all of us. Um the trendiness we'll probably go look at for some marketing research information from you, Sarah. Um and we'll get on with it. Okay, so we'll have a functional design individual work um with meeting and then conceptual design t and then detailed design. Okay? Right. Everybody's supposed to try out the whiteboard. Kate, why don't you try it first, if you can either bring your things with you, I guess And while you're doing that we'll try and figure out how to hook these things on as well, 'cause we're all gonna have to be able to walk around. Uh I do not think so, I think it's just to try out the whiteboard. Ah. Uh-huh. Okay. Great. And the characteristics? Uh-huh. Okay. Fantastic. Since you're handy as well, why don't you do yours next, Steph. I think it's to get us used to using the pen. Uh no. A mouse-y? Oh. Argh. Rat. Not a mouse, a rat. And your favourite characteristics of that animal. Oh. Okay. Kate? Oh, a fish. Oh, okay. Fine. Favourite characteristics? 'Kay. So they have team elements. I'm afraid I'm with Steph. And I think your pen's running out of whatever. But I'm afraid I take the coward's way out, and the cat's looking the other way. He's hiding. Um cats are sometimes very independent. My parents had cats. Uh and they can mm decide for themselves what is best. Okay. Now um we have to get down to the nitty-gritty of how to make this and this remote control has to be sold um we're to sell it for twenty five Euros, with a profit aim ultimately of fifty million Euros. That tells you something about how many um we have to sell on an international scale. Um would be an awful lot of these, would be like what, a hundred million of them um to make twenty five Euros on each one and to make a total profit of fifty million. Um the production is to only cost twelve and a half Euros per item. Now if they cost twelve and a half, you're selling it for twenty five, you're making twelve and a half Euros each. Um and we're to make a profit of fifty million, that's t uh can you do the maths and how many are we selling? Mark-up? Okay. Yes, 'cause our market um is international and your problem is has to do with marketing of you know, you gotta know how many we're going to be selling to know how big a market you have to target and who is that. To give you a pretty good idea of where you're looking. Something like that? Okay. That's fifty million Euros. In order to make fifty million Euros, and you're only getting twelve and a half each That's a lot of selling. Two four To be fifty, be four million. You'd have to sell four million. Okay? Right. Experience with a remote control. Any of you use of remote control for a television or D_V_D_ or something? You're both nodding, all three. Well I've seen some remote controls that are for more than one device at a time, but I also have heard about them not working well or not well co-ordinated and you wind up working with this one for thi this three and then this one over here for another. And they don't always talk to each other. Don't know. Okay. Are there any um ideas for the remote? What would it be for and what group would be be for? We have to think about that one. Okay. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Um I know this sounds like it was very quick, but the I think that's the industrial design is the first one, that's Kate, for the working design. And user, that's you S Steph, for the technical functions design, and for marketing the user requirements specification. I think there's going to be a lot of we have to help each other and work through this as a group, and I think we all, you know, we like our kitty-cat and our rat and our fish, but I think we all have to like each other um to get this done. Uh as it says, we're gonna get individual instructions, but uh I don't think they allowed a lot of extra time, so I think a little bit of less of this and more at do will set us in good stead. Do you all agree? Alright. Um then I don't see any reason to prolong it and f we should finish this meeting at ni right now and go into other things. Alright, so this is the end of the first meeting. Thank you all.
Are we all gonna draw a cat? That's not a mouse-y, no. It's a ratty. A ratty. It's clothes. That's it's clothes. It's a ratty with a with a with a very long tail. I love whiskers. Uh they're intelligent and they're cheeky and uh fantastic pets and very friendly. And they sit on your shoulder and whisper the answers to your homework in your ear when you're doing your homework. A shark? It is true that you always sit around you know, you're sitting on your sofa and you wanna change something, there's five different remotes, and one for the D_V_D_ and one for the video and one for cable and one for whatever else. But I presume this is t I presume this is just for television. I think one in b bright colours would be good. I think one that doesn't have lots of superfluous functions. Like I've got one at home that has well, apart from the obvious, channels, channel up, channel down, volume, you know, subtitles, mute, there's a lotta buttons that I've got no idea what they do, like. Mm. Ooh, closing the meeting. That was quick. Mm-hmm.
Is this okay? I know. Thanks. Mm this is very representational fish. Um I like them because they're sleek and they have a lot of freedom but they also do n uh swim in groups, so. Do you have a favourite one? Uh yeah. I was just wondering if that's the um If fifty percent is normal B yeah. Um I would think would be more like sixty percent. But um let me I have two thoughts. One hundred, fifty percent. And and your question is how many do we have to sell? At twenty five. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's um So that's four million of them? Yeah. And if we make Mm-hmm. Yeah. Four million. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Y yeah. We could make a Hello Kitty themed remote. Yeah. We could totally go for the Japan-a-mation. Well I mean there's also the cachet that um uh the Japanese make great products. Electrical their industrial design is very good. Yeah. Well, that's a really good point, because I think one of the things that being somewhat computer literate, we tend to um go to menus and then make choices, you know, so if it's like an uh volume button, you know, you can go in and say mute or or volume. We don't need to have like the l the numbers if we also have uh uh channel up channel down. Mm. We can make it smart like an iPod, you know, make everything menus. Okay.
Uh yeah, if I can pick up with all these bits and pieces, hang on. Uh right, so you want an animal and the characteristics of that animal. Do you have to be able to recognise what animal it is? Um Only animal I could thin I could draw. Its a sort of bunny rabbit cat. You can tell it's not a bunny rabbit by the ears. Um I suppose it should have a mouth as well, sort of Right, yeah. Um the favourite characteristics of the cat um the whiskers I think, um because they're the easiest to draw. In fact, I'll give it some more Oh, and the tail Yes. Um sure it's not to test our artistic It's a mouse. No it's not a mouse. It's a wombat. A what? A webbed foot. Webbed f Oh right. Gosh, why didn't I think of fish? That's even easier to draw than cat. That that that's the sorta product we're talking about, one that will work for a in a home environment, for a T_V_s and I think one that works would be good. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay.
";The project manager opened the meeting by stating the agenda and then introduced the upcoming project to the team members. The team members then participated in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and discussed why they liked the particular animal. The project manager briefed the team on the production and selling costs of the remote they are to create. The project manager also briefed the team on the profit aim and discussed how many remotes must be sold in order to reach the profit aim of 50 million Euro. The team then discussed their experiences using remote controls and what features in terms of functionality and appearance to consider in making the remote. 
"Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay, I accept the minutes. Is that what we're supposed to say? Okay. Excellent, thank you. Okay. Okay, that looks good. Alright. Thank you very much. Um. One of the the biggest issues I found about um from last meeting was the fact that we need to sell four million of these um remote controls and I think that this is an opportunity to really take Real Reaction in the direction of of similar of handheld tools that have been used and are used by many of us and to kind of bring the remote control into the si same realm as an accessible um useful electronic device, as opposed to something that is lost in the couch and what have you. So um my main goal here is to re-envision the remote control in in this context and to think about menu functionality and current technology and the fact that it could be interactive with other tools. Um some of the research uh in the market has shown that people really are not happy with remote controls as they are now, and um that means we do need to make some decisions about what what keys or or buttons on the on the remote control to perhaps keep and and what ones to discard. And if we devote some energy into this, I think the um recent productions of Real Reaction, the I go everywhere power and the high definition D_V_D_ players although it makes immediate sense to have our remote control interact with these, I think we can also use this as a platform to make it interact with other tools. And um in fact I think the high definition D_V_D_ players and all of this will come along in the uh will only benefit from the positive feedback from our well designed tool. So again, most uh users really dislike the current look and feel of remote controls. Um fifty percent I think of all these uh numbers the most important is fifty percent of user say they only use ten percent of the buttons. And eighty percent of users, and if we think about this there are a lot of uh television, D_V_D_, stereo remote control users out there, eighty percent would spend more money on a remote control that looks fancy. Um it was market research and there were a hundred people in the room, so eighty out of a hundred said they would spend more money. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well I think we can I I think we can really focus on this remote and and again bring the Real Reaction um brand in in and and get some positive marketing for our other tools, even if we directly don't um advertise for the I go everywhere line. So an interesting um element was the would you pay more for speech recognition question. So these market research uh uh questionnaires looked into your your uh concern about technology and s specifically wanted to find out information about speech recognition. Now the early adopters, those of us who grew up with technology and uh luck lucky for us have the uh cash to to pay for it, the young age group without the mortgages and responsibilities, ninety one percent of them would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. Very interesting, I I leave this up to the group to decide if we wanna use this uh if and you know, the the designers, but ninety one percent, fifteen to twenty five Well, I I I think especially in terms of growth, I think this would be a very smart group to target. I mean s three quarters of the next age group, twenty five to thirty five are interested, and uh with the technologies improving, if we can get these uh Yeah. To Um yes. Yes. But would you pay more and does it work and is it approachable and and did I know that it was it was an that's a that's a very good question. I don't know if speech recognition should be um should be included, but I think it's an interesting I think that maybe shows more about uh being open to technology. Shall I go back? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Exactly. I mean I I I uh did not receive any information on that, but I think the competition, sussing out what other people are doing and what's in the pipeline is very very important, because um there is a question about do you want an L_C_D_ screen and and that wasn't responded to, but uh some of the larger remotes do have screens where you can navigate, you know, so it turns into something uh perhaps you all have seen uh the Osbournes where Ozzy Osbourne is is attempting to manage his super entertainment system with something that looks like a uh a small tray. You know, it's I a and I think, you know No, no, you Kate, you're exactly right there. But I think the key is to get the early adopters, people who are familiar with technology and and uh they'll be Uh, mm. Exactly. I yes, and I'm making and I'm making the the uh uh leap that people who are familiar younger people are l are more familiar with technology than than older people. Or comfortable, you know, um so I think the most important thing is an attractive streamlined remote control and to be extraordinarily reductionist, power, channel, volume and everything else is is uh up to the designers. And this is this is also supported by the market research. Thank you. That's my contribution. Or if Yeah. Maybe afterwards we could do a uh whiteboard with that your the one on the right as a as a basis. Whiteboard session. Mm-hmm. The ergonomics, the way it fits in your Yeah. Do we have um ki some idea of how much it would cost to create a device that has these basic elements? Because then No, the chip composer marketing. Oh no, the chip composer sender. I I don't believe I know, um. Okay. Be because then we would ha ha figure out how much we had to play with in terms of user interface and this look and feel idea. Mm-hmm. Inspired? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well that has another element, which is if every time you're done using the remote you put it on a charger, then you then it has a place. Yeah, but it also has a place, so exactly. That's a really good idea. Well it's better than my idea about solar, probably. Yeah, yeah. Depen Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm Mm-hmm. Definitely, 'cause I'm thinking in terms of um uh the loss and breakage of um remotes, how much of that is is to do with it not really having a uh a home, a um a nest, a place to live, exactly. So if you can dock it, um you know, you could s argue that this is Exactly. Mm. 'Cause you are talking about another component, like another piece of hardware. Mm. Well I I brought up some exactly, but I think you raised some good questions about are there enough of these people out there, or are they making purchasing decisions? You know, these are the Yeah, exactly. Oh oh oh I'll make a note of that, Kate. Good, good comment. Yeah. It might be good to know um uh who, you know, who's actually buying televisions and are we in a uh uh s region where people have more than one television in a home? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and and some of our D_V_D_ players incidentally have them, because we have the relationship with our own department, but moreover we need to to go for the the manufacturers. Mm. Do we need um let me Br actually, um the enter key I have a chart here that I didn't include. Um yeah, which might Th yeah, th those are felt like had a lot of charts. Okay, I I my only comment is I think maybe um we could somehow include an enter key in like a power key if power power was enter and pow that was my only just really in terms of streamlining. Um Exactly. Again, you know, thinking of menus or Um well if you're pressing enter, the the thing would already be on, and so maybe um when you press power, initially it turns it on, press power again and use that as an enter um so you press power after you've um well I was thinking maybe you to turn it off you'd have to press power twice in succession, and maybe power follows something like a channel up channel down power, and then that would make that choice. Well Or y yeah. Or something that has a a turning dial, where at the far end is on or off. Yeah, I don't um I wish. Anyway, uh that was the only comment about um some of the the decisions people have made, what's most important. It's definitely channel, volume, power. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. Okay, well. Thanks for looking at that. Mm-hmm. We don't wanna outsmart Hmm. Congratulations. D Oh you're fine. It's fine. I think you have to cycle through. Okay. Um and you'd mentioned I I was just gonna say, could you reiterate the new project requirements, because it they were it has to be for a T_V_, just to keep myself Yeah, I think I've Okay. Mm. Right. Thank you.
Yes. Yeah, I do. Uh not really meant to touch those microphones. Oh it doesn't have any on, does it? That's fine. Uh it definitely needs uh a lot more research on like how much more it would be and any, you know, existing examples, and what reactions to them have been, and that sort of thing. Yeah, press them. Yeah, here we go. Can I not just uh do each one in order? That? That? That? Right, technical functions design. Uh well I think first off, basically I do agree with what Sarah has defined as as uh your personal preferences,yeah. I think we need uh a more streamlined volume with no extraneous functions. So my method was to look at the existing remotes and what functions they have. And what we all need to discuss is whether we want these functions uh pretty much the same as what existing remotes have. If we can build on this with the speech recognition, that's not something I'd thought about at all, but it's also something we can discuss. Um and and I presume we can miss out the functions really to to a video or D_V_D_ remote control, if this is only gonna be a, you know, satellite, cable, T_V_ remote control. So these are two models of existing remote controls. Uh the one on the left seems to be a fairly uh standard universal remote control. It has fast-forward, stop, play, all relating to movies. It also has seems to have channel up and channel down, which is which is more what you'd expect from a, you know, like a Sky or cable remote control where you've got hundreds of channels instead of a merely terrestrial one. Uh but I think we should be looking more along the lines of the one on the right, which has it also has play, stop and pause and everything, I don't think we need them at all. I think we just need channel selection, volume up, volume down and I think an an enter function where you can access it's not like teletext, but along the same lines, access things on the screen. Uh not related to the internet one that you mentioned, because that'd be far outside our budget and what we want this to do. So it really exceed the requirements, 'cause the requirements really are just want to be able to change channels and functions, which is more a text on the screen thing than uh than actual buttons o I was thinking something some smooth, sleek, little remote control with big user-friendly buttons and uh a menu that you can access. Uh but then I do think we need to discuss the speech um recognition possibility. No. But we could go back to the pictures of the uh, what're they called? The pictures of the remote controls and possibly discuss what we think about them, but maybe should hear what Kate has to say first. Okay then. Definitely less cluttered and I mean but still it's Sorry I was just I'll just uh resume something else I was gonna say. The the style of these is terrible. I I I really think we need to uh not only possibly even materials, like the type of plastic used, but everything including size and shape of buttons, positioning of buttons, the actual shape of the hand-held device, colours, just every e yeah, everything to do with this has to be revolutionised. But So that's that for now. Whoop. Isn't that your job? Oh right. Yeah. It does it does seem as if we're just to do something really simple and mass-produced, the which is pretty much the same as these existing models, just maybe a little bit more inspired, but basically just the same. Although what what uh suddenly came into my head is, you know how they always take two A_A_ batteries which which is really not very efficient at all. Could it be possible to have uh, you know, like a rechargeable internal battery, like, well, like an M_P_ three player does? With that you could jus or a mobile phone or whatever. You could you know, you just plug into a power source for a couple of hours, and then it's recharged for ages and ages and ages, and you don't have to worry with replacing A_A_ batteries, which are You'd never need uh batteries would y uh yeah. And it's not stuck down the back of the sofa. But then again I d I don't know if this is within our price range or not. Well it is just so annoying how No, but just a rechargeable internal battery would probably I mean it might cost more to at first to develop and to install, but for long-term use it'll be so much more convenient and economic than fiddling around trying to replace chunky A_A_ batteries and not having any in your kitchen drawer and you know f Mm. Sort of have its little dock that you could put it in. Still I don't know if it's quite within our price range. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably more what it is. We're not gonna get any resolutions by the end of the day, are we? Yeah. Sorry, I was miles away. I was re I was reading the chart to be honest. Who's got an iPod then? Yeah, things like screen settings and audio settings, I would generally do them on the actual television itself, like here you have a you know, a little flap th with a little control panel on the actual box itself. I I wouldn't know how to do it using a remote control, so um I would say that they are definitely less relevant. Yes. We didn't come to any sort of decision on the functions though. Alright, well that's fine then. Mm. Sorry, what what actually are these is that the yellow and black? From their I'll just use it from their website. Okay.
Oops. Uh I think so, we we we talked about the the individual roles that we each had as well. Okay. Oy, big loop under the table. Could can I ask where these figures come from, is this market research we've Mm-hmm. Um How d I'm wondering how how ou how our target price compares with the the typical price of these things. I expect an Industrial Designer should know that, but if we're aiming to to build this thing for twelve Euros fifty, um is that a lot or a little? Sh surely he's in the wrong age group. He must be w one of a s small population. And if you want it to go into slide show mode, it's that little button there. I you can if you like, it it that that just sets it up to do a p a p no that one, that one there. Left, left a bit, left a bit, that one, yep. And then you just press the click when you wanna go on. Cheers. Mm, I haven't actually got a display on my screen. Still, I'll do without that. Okay um, now I wanna bring us down to earth again I'm afraid and talk about the actual practicalities of how the thing needs to work. Um oh and this is the methodology I used in preparing for this meeting. Um basically I've been doing a little bit of web-based research, and if I had a design team, I would've been discussing my ideas with 'em. But the the net result is that I've come up with a first cut for the working design that I'd like to discuss with you. So, let's go back to what the basic function of a remote control is. It's for sending a message, um typically um via infrared. And the the basic components we've got to build in for our twelve Euros fifty are um an energy source, the user interface and which will um in incorporate um an integrated circuit that actually composes the message um based on what the which buttons the user presses, we turn that into a message, um and then we need a sending mechanism to send it to the receiver. Now I would have hoped I think that's my only slide actually, yeah. I would have have hoped to um do you a pretty PowerPoint slide of um my first cut design, but unfortunately the technology defeated me, so if you'll bear with me I'll do it on the whiteboard. So we want an energy source which is there. And we've got to think about what that might be. Uh we obviously don't want wires on this thing. Uh typically it would be a battery, but I'm open to suggestions. Um and then we have the the user interface. Oops. And the main components in there are the the th the chip that actually has the intelligence of the machine that translates button presses into a message, which it then transfers to some sending mechanism, which encodes it and sends the message to the receiver. So those are the basic things that we've got to get in for our twelve Euros fifty. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Well I may be wrong here, but I'd been thinking of this device as being a a cheap mass-produced device. We're trying to sell four million of 'em, um that's that's, you know, that's almost one in every tenth household or whatever it is. Um and I hadn't thought of it as being a reparable thing, you just if it goes wrong you chuck it out, and that's why I'm a bit concerned. I like the idea of speech recognition, that's a great idea, but I'm not convinced we can put it into this box for the price that we need gonna need to hit. Um, I'm I'm I'm hoping that my personal coach is gonna give me some advice on that, if you're asking me, but Yeah. Well I uh think that's a very interesting idea, but um I'm not a very good industrial designer and I don't know much about what these things cost. I'll do some research for the next meeting. Well solar may not be so good when you're watching T_V_ in the night, but Yeah, I guess. We may be talking quite heavy then. Mm-hmm. So do you think we might make that a selling point if it was something that we found we could afford to develop? Mm. Yeah, I was wondering that, because I ag I agree that there there're people with uh how can I put it, more money than sense and who are liable to buy something new, but Bu but what I was gonna say was, although they they may be buying um, you know, personal music devices and all that, are they necessarily buying T_V_ remote controls? Because they probably live in a household that has a T_V_ if they're at the lower end of the age range, I don't know. Mm. I think we've got a big hill to climb here, haven't we? I mean we've gotta persuade people who've got a remote control 'cause it came with the telly that they should buy our product instead. Right, good point. Yeah, yeah okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, good point. Mm-hmm. Do you want the gizmo? H how does that work? How so so how does that work, how do you avoid switching the thing off when you actually wanna press enter? Okay, yep, mm-hmm. It's not getting a bit complicated? Could granny do this, or are we just not aiming at granny? Mm. Uh. How do you do that? How do you make it do both? Ah okay, it toggles through, yeah. Yeah. Sounds good. Okay. So we're still in meeting, aren't we? Okay.
Uh it fell off. One, two, three, four, yeah, we're ready. Okay. Welcome to this second meeting. Um it's now quarter after twelve and we're given forty minutes um for this meeting. This is a meeting on functional design. Um and I wanna welcome you all and thank you all for doing some research in between. Um I did took the minutes from the first meeting and I'll show them to you in a moment. Um I know each of you have a presentation and um in thinking about the forty minutes, I thought it would take only like three minutes for the previous minutes, um each of you having about seven minutes or maybe a little more, maybe a little less for your pre presentations and a little discussion, because there's I happen to have been told there were some new project requirements and we have to make some uh decision on what functions it will have. Okay? Is this ap everybody agree with this? Okay. Um and after the meeting there'll be things to be done and as you can see it says we get to get lunch, um and then some more individual work and then putting minutes away and individual actions. Um but uh now for the minutes of the first meeting. And go to that one. Um as you can see it was this earlier today. Um Kate, Steph, Sarah and myself in our four capacities were present. I opened the meeting, the product was developed uh and reviewed, and we talked about the financial end of it. Um and it had some implications, um the four million sales target and new ideas of not too many buttons, bright colours and some of the influence of the Japanese. And we closed early so you could then proceed with your research and getting your reports together for tod this meeting Anybody have any questions on those minutes? Are they complete, did they discuss everything that we covered last time? 'Kay. Did I miss something? Yeah. I'm afraid I incorporated that when I said who was present, but yes, we did, and we did a little bit of uh team building of uh of making the pictures, but I didn't think those were appropriate to the minutes necessarily. So um as a group I think we've are they're accepting the minutes. And uh okay. Yeah. Good. Um, then we'll move to the three presentations. Okay? Okay. Mm we need to move this. Who wants to go f first? That's as far as it goes. She said we didn't need to screw it in. It's doing its thing. There we are. Now in between, as the Project Manager, they sent me an email from the powers that be um that teletext is outdated um and the internet is coming in as important, but that they want this remote control to only be for T_V_ um with incorporating the corporate image, colour and slogan. Mm. Hmm. Okay. Mm. Is that a large enough target market to target it? In real numbers, does the ninety one percent and the seventy six percent translate to ex in excess of the four million? Or eight million. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. But we're not looking at whether they're early adopters on that screen, that's looking at age groups. Leap. Hmm. Mm. Okay, you had the other power channel. Okay. Alright. And we'll turn to the next presentation. I think she said we don't need to screw it in, just stick it in. And then press, what? F F_N_ and F_ eight. Next to the control button on the bottom, and then F_ eight at the top. And then w be patient. Tada. There we are. Yay. Okay. T_V_ only. Ugh. Hmm. Mm. And exceed the requirements they're expecting of us. Okay. Alright. Okay. Any uh thing else you wanna add? Okay. Yeah. Let's hear what Kate has to say. Hmm. I think the white that one on the right is, as well as less cluttered, It's there but it's Yeah. Hmm. Okay. Hmm-mm. Hmm. Okay. Right. But those things as long as we can get those components, the block, that that rectangle for the user interface, is where the user comes in of what what does it look like? What do the buttons look like? Uh what does it feel like? That's where the user interface is really coming into its own. The technical end is what's actually gonna be in there, but also it has to be easy enough to change or repair if something goes wrong. For example the battery energy source or um what if the chip, for whatever reason, breaks down after a certain amount of time, do you just replace it? Um is there any um because it may be in the same area with several other user interfaces, like for D_V_D_s, movies, whatever. Um does it have to have a a way of being segregated from the others, in a different frequency or something? Mm. Okay. Okay. Oh. Mm. What they cost. Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Okay. Uh yeah. Mm. It would have to sor store up the energy and then use it. Solar can do that. M yeah, that would be too heavy and it'd cost too much. Mm. Mm. Yeah. And the dock could look very fancy and that could be your inspiration of having it looking decent. Hmm. Yeah. Okay. Are we agreed as to what our target group is though? Pretty much, so that we'd be looking for the younger end. Mm. I I s usually put more money than brains. Mm. Yeah. Or do we s make sure that it goes to the man through the manufacturer? We sell to the manufacturer as the remote that goes with it. What would be a more efficient way of doing it? Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Probably not. Um the other thing that we're supposed to do is make decision on our functions. Our functions, we've so far decided, I think, that power, channel, volume make it attractive. Um it has to have an enter key and of course the number keys. It has to have big user-friendly buttons and sh n definitely we wanna be inspired that the current styles are just plain awful. Is that agreeable to everyone? Mm-hmm. Throw some light on that. Um actually we're, you know, we are almost a half hour out of the forty minutes, so we have to get close to finishing. Ah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Enter, power as a s oh um a sum simultaneous key. Is that okay with you? Would that uh-huh. Then you'd have to have an off te off key. Mm. Mm. Okay. Mm. Okay. So I guess easy to use is the other thing that we want 'em to be able to do. As you said, you know, don't make it too hard for the granny. I just joined that set last week. Um first grandchild arrived. Um so are we agreed then of those things? And let's go back to agenda and hook me up. Mm. This oughta be fun. It probably won't go the first time, it'll probably be like a g mess. Come on. Uh it lost it off here. Uh No, it was up there, but I couldn't see it down here. Mm. This time it should be both. There we go. Um you have to keep doing the financi the the F_N_ and F_ eight to five minutes to finish, thank you a lot for telling me. Um right, we're ready to close. Um will be completed q questionnaire, um then we'll have some time for individual work to continue our research um and I'll put some minutes of this meeting together. Um your individual assignments are for um Kate to do the components, for you, Steph, to do the user interface and for you the trend-watching. Um and each of us will get help from our coach. Are we agreed to get ourselves together and then have lunch? Okay. Then that's the end of this meeting. And I hope that's good enough for her to tell her that's the end. Okay? Well I think I went over the functions and wrote them down and marked them. Um that's what I went over and nobody was objecting to them. Okay. Um the teletext is outdated, the internet is important, it's only to be for a T_V_ and it must include the corporate image, colour and slogan um which I think is more in the user uh range, with Steph. It doesn't tell me. Mm-hmm. Okay?
";The project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed user preferences in terms of remote controls and the increasing interest among younger consumers in speech recognition. The marketing expert also discussed a user target group for the remote and addressed the issue of whether the target group would result in sufficient sales of the remote. The user interface designer presented two existing remote controls on the market, which the team later evaluated, and discussed what features in terms of appearance and functionality the remote the team is creating should include. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and addressed the issue of what happens when remotes no longer operate. The team also discussed options for energy sources, such as solar power and rechargeable internal batteries. Th team then discussed their user target group, marketing ideas such as selling the remote to television manufacturers, and what functions the remote would feature. 
"Hi Kate. Okay, carry on. Alright um this is the beginning of the third meeting, the conceptual design meeting. Um our agenda should be um that we're opening the meeting, I have the minutes from the previous meeting are on the shared f drive at this point. Um and we should each have a presentation to make. Um we have certain decisions to make and we have forty minutes total. It's twenty five after two at the moment, so forty minutes is five after three, um which I'll be keeping an eye on the clock for us. Okay. Um there are the decisions we have to turn to, but we'll come back to them in a minute after I take us to the minutes of the previous meeting. Right um as we remember, I opened the meeting, the four of us were present, the meeting the first meeting's minutes were reviewed and approved. Um Sarah, you presented a marketing research report um which pretty much rep represented that fifteen to thirty five year olds uh it has to be hand-held, power, channel, volume, number keys, possibly a speech recognition. And then Steph did a second presentation um that those functions plus streamlining them with big user-friendly keys that were easy to use. I think all of us agreed with those things. Kate presented a working design of going after going over the basics on the whiteboard um that it should be a simple mass-produced device, because of the twelve and a half Pence cost. Um but we did talk about possibly using rechargeable batteries and having a docking place as a selling point. Um and the new requirements that it for be for T_V_ only um and that it include the l so slogan and colour of the uh corporate design be included. Um the corporate image. So we agreed that the target market would be fifteen to thirty five with more money than sense, that were decision makers. Alternatively it would be a manufacturer to enclose it with the T_V_, but it still should meet those parameters. Um and that the function we agreed was volume, power, numbers, enter, channels, a way to move between channels, easy to use and hand-held. Um at that point we agreed that Sarah would look at the current cost of competition, what what do the current ones sell for. Um and Steph was gonna look at ec ergonomics. Kate was gonna look at cost and feasibility of the various possibilities that we discussed. And I was to type up these minutes and work on the final report. Is this a fair presentation of what our last meeting was? Okay. Right. So we're ready to close that and go back to our That one. Right. We're up to the point of the Go back. Um the three presentations. So we're going to pull the plug on me and turn to Sarah. Is that okay? Is that alright with everybody else? Especially since Kate asked to be last. Sarah, I'm sorry if I misspelled your name, I didn't know whether it was S_A_R_A_ or S_A_R_H_. You respond to whatever you get, huh? Okay. Um, did you do your Hit Ah, there it is. Ta-da. Mm 'kay. 'Kay. Mm. It sounds like the the uh covers that they use for the remote, you know, your t your cell phone. Mm. Hmm. Uh-huh mm. In most families, don't isn't the remote is a remote. Mm. Mm. Well actually some households do have three and four T_V_s and they would have a remote for each one, so. Hmm. Hmm. Are we talking about the device itself or the c or a cover for the device that would be an interchangeable cov cover as a separate product? Perhaps perhaps that desi that particular suggestion needs to go back to management and perhaps go to another group to actually design as a separate product. Wo would that be agreeable? Do you wanna be next or you want Kate to go next? Okay, we'll move the Mm. Mm. Alright. Remember, we only have forty minutes Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Thank you, Kate. Yes. There we go. Do it again. Keep doing it until you get it in both you get it there, you get it yours without that one, and then you get it with both. Yeah. This time it should come up both. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Huh. It's a selection wheel. Okay. Okay. Or call it a or call it a banana and have it in yellow. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm 'kay. I wanna thank you all for all your presentations. We have about ten minutes left, in which time we have to make some decisions on the remote control concepts. Um and I think you all have been self-stimulating of working together. Um we need to come up with some specifics of the components, um the materials, things like making the decision on the energy um and the case and the interface type things. So let's Mm. Right. They want us to decide what form of energy are we going to use, which the choices that we've discussed were pretty much battery, kinetic or solar. Um this is where Kate's expertise comes in, and our decision making will be a little bit guided by Kate at this point. The You were saying that the kinetic would be useful, that is you just have to move it some and you'd be able to use it um as opposed to a battery that you have to either put it in a recharger or um keep replacing the batteries. Um or solar that you'd have difficulty with it if it's a dark day, that it'll die on you, and no way to do it. That's the day you wanna use the T_V_. Um so what's our pleasure here, what would be the cost consequences of each of the three? Okay. Mm 'kay. What's the uh feelings of the group on the kinetic? Hmm. Hmm. So the consensus seems to be use the kinetic if it's at all possible. It costs. Mm. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Thanks for the reminder for five minutes to finish, thanks. Um the next thing that they wanted us to do was look at chip on print as a decision. Oh. Okay. What about the ca yeah. Oh, the way we uh-huh. Oh, okay. Um what about the case? I think they're talking there about do we want wood, plastic, titanium or rubber, and I think we've discussed not having titanium. One, it's too expensive, um and second, it won't do this double um curves. Um we've sort of eliminated wood. We said plastic or rubber. What's the pleasure? What about you? Cover. Uh-huh. Plastic inside. Hmm. Okay. Um the next part they want is the user interface concept. I'm sorry to push you, but we only have a couple minutes to finish with. Okay, and it says interface. What type and what supplements? Okay, um that's that. Um this is gonna sound weird, but the next meeting starts in thirty minutes. Whew. And they actually want a look and feel design, user interface design, you can look and see this as well as I can. Marketing they want product evaluation. Oh. Oh my, I'm sorry. Oh, okay. Sorry about that. missed that one. This ought to be fun trying to get this thing to work. Ah, ta-da. Ah. Yes, because I can't even see mine. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes, these are the individual actions. Yeah, right. Um the look and feel design is for Kate, uh Steph gets the user interface design, you get product evaluation. Um the two of you get to play with a Pla modelling clay um to do a prototype. Uh and everybody gets individual instructions in the usual way. Anything else we need to do? Go to it. And that's the end of this meeting. That's for her benefit.
I respond to either. No worries. Okay, first thing I want to address is um one of the points that Florence brought up, which was uh current cost of the competition devices, similar to the ones that Stephanie uh showed us and and they're uh twenty to sixty Euros, depending on uh branding. Some of them that have a higher brand recognition are on the more expensive end. But I think that with the current um price that we're searching for, we're well within, even on the lower end, of the uh of the market. But I'm going to move on to more interesting um more vibrant things. So, I investigated the remote control market in greater detail, and my uh the theme of what I was to work on was uh trend watch. And I know that you all are a distance from cutting edge marketing research, so you know, I'm just gonna try to cloak it in really professional terms here. What's hot, fruit and veg. Spongy. And this is all over the catwalks, Paris, Milan, and I'm talking about clothing, furniture, shoes. This is really interesting change from past years, because it is much more organic, um some would say approachable. And I think if we're to refashion our view of what we want in a remote control, we should perhaps think about incorporating technologically interesting fabrics and some of the bold colours into a simple handset. So. I also did a little research on um what again are the most important priorities in uh decision making about uh purchasing. Fancy. Functional is out. And f the fancy, and that's exactly the term, I'm I'm thinking polished, elegant, you know, kind of innovative, but a cut above. This is twice as important as the next finding, which is technologically innovative. This is interesting, 'cause I think in the last meeting we were talking about technology as being so important, but maybe what's innovative is having it simple with um with uh technologically superior fabrics or uh, you know, designed in interesting substances. Ease of use. Again, pretty low, I mean it's the top three, but each of the uh fancy and technologically innovative are far more important. So I think we should cloak the streamlined remote control device in a series of fruit fruit themed sleeves. Y yeah, you know Exactly. Exactly. I was thinking though that instead of having something uh like patterned, you know, so, you know, something similar to a summer dress. you know, it would have like fruit and veg, is that we actually make these spongy. They could be ini initially I thought we could start with kind of um fruit that would suit kind of uh a long uh hand-held, so banana, pineapple and pear. Um it could actually the sleeve could take up a lot of the development and the remote control, we'd just need to get reductionist on it. They could be interchangeable, they're spongy, that goes back to ergonomic, and the youngsters love 'em, fun for the whole family, everyone can have their own. So what we're talking about is changing. this concept. Everyone has a T_V_ remote, but then we add in the fact that they could each have their own individual fruit. That's what's hot on the catwalks. So, this is my This is what I'm thinking. Y yeah, but I think I think what this would allow is perhaps a person in the family who had the most opinion about it we all need a remote, but the person who is really perhaps active in personalising, I'm thinking the teenager, the someone fifteen to thirty five would go out and get this additional thing the same way as you mentioned that people would get the cell phone covers. Yeah. W and plus I think Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So this is an idea and I I you know, this is exactly what the research has uh has shown. So I really open this up to uh any other feedback. This spongy fruit and veg. Thanks. Alright. I I just have my ear to the market, guys. Is spongiest, yeah. That would add Mm-hmm. They are and they they would fulfil the uh first um priority, which is fancy. I think many of us would associate those with fancy. Something else we could do is uh call it something that's fruit and veg oriented. We could call it uh The name. Well it would be uh a a very simple product that would have a spongy sleeve that would be interchangeable. So That, you know, that might be And then we could keep it titanium. Yeah. Or s or smelly. Scratchy Uh well I was really thinking a lot about the I_ uh the iMac kind of gel gem tone. It's hot on the streets, guys. Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. That sounds good. Any idea you you mentioned that there would be a cost difference. Um do you have any idea if if this could if the fancy model could be done in twelve Euros fifty? Hmm. Because, you know what, I'm being quite serious when I say that that um the things I mentioned are hot. But I think the important thing might be to choose one. You know, if if what you're telling me is is um some of these things aren't just f aren't feasible, maybe we could something about naming, we could call it, you know, Blackberry. That's uh Alright, well let's see then. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I'm trying to streamline mine a little bit. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Thank you, Kate. Mm. Oh I think um Florence resolved it by F_ eight again. Maybe. Mm. Hmm. It's a duplication. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. To uh m make it. Oh nice. Um Hmm. Mm. Wow. Do you think with um It seems that that uh you guys are quite keen on the plastic, perhaps the something reminiscent of the child's remote. Do you think we could put it in a in a fruit colour? And have it abstract. You know, we could call like a fruit name, but it would be a little more abstract. Mm-hmm. I'm just just throwing out ideas. Yeah. I'm thinking maybe we need to be a little bit more abstract if the design constraints are so Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Nice. Good point. I've used kinetic in terms of watches and it's very very uh handy, you don't even notice um that it's there. It's Mm-hmm. It could tie in with the fanciful design as uh, you know, throw the banana, you know, just gotta keep it moving. Be Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But I could market that as a um as a a I was thinking actually a a cost saver down the road, in terms of battery, you know. Mm-hmm. You know, kind of the That's exactly what I was thinking. I'm sold. Mm. Kind of like an internal egg. Yeah. And with sports on television. You know. I su Then I'll just say I support either from a marketing point of view I support either decision that the designers make on that. No we can't, actually. That's why I was looking over your shoulder Mm. Sounds good. That's really all I got, guys.
Yeah. Yes. Yep. Yeah, Right. Yes. So when your dad's sitting there, overriding your decision, going no we're gonna watch this, you can bring out your own remote and be like zap, no we're gonna watch this. Yep. And as for as for um well budgeting as well, if we're gonna have lots of different interchangeable components. Is this to the market? I was thinking titanium, I was thinking it's just I have been influenced by pictures of iPods, and they're also minimalist and shiny. Yeah, but it's kind of pointless, isn't it? Yeah. Let's delegate. Yeah, maybe. Or I think possibly it might be more useful if Kate went next. Um You can even have them in different flavours as well. So that if you just wanna sit there and chew on the remote, it could be like pear flavour, yeah. Scratch and sniff. A wind-up. Bear bear in mind it has to be the colours and styles of the company, so what I had been thinking was something chunky and yellow and plastic with black buttons with a logo on it. But um I I don't know how important that is to keep it exactly the colours of the Real Reaction company. It's just what I'd understood we'd be doing. That's before I heard about all this hot tips about the future, fruit-wise. Shall we wait 'til I've 'til I've showed you what well, my extensive presentation on what sort of interfaces are available. You did seem to include just in more detail what I've got though. So so mine's a bit pointless. Right. F_N_ and F_ eight, did you say? I don't have it on mine though. Should I do it again? Right then. I don't actually have a huge amount of different information then what Kate says, just that my method was to look at the, well, my my inspirations, which was a big collection of lots of different models of remote controls and other things that use a similar sort of thing, including M_P_ three players, uh like you know, hi-fi remotes, not just television and these things. Uh having a think about the feature of ea the features of each ones, um what functions we actually need, and then how to group and arrange these on the actual the actual plastic or rubber hand-held piece. Uh I've been especially interested in the iPod style scroll wheel, which Well, I couldn't find a the picture of the iPod w only linked to a web browser, so I couldn't copy and paste it, but it had a similar thing to this thing on the right. It has uh scroll wheels without without a display, but they they scroll like a computer mouse. So I was thinking that uh um a really simple a really simple interface with just a couple of scroll things on it um and then instead of a display the display could appear on the television screen. Like I guess an existing Sky or cable one does. Like, you know, you press enter and it comes up with what's showing on that channel at the moment, and you can do you can scroll along and it'll show you what's on in the next half hour, and you scroll up and you can see what's on the other channels while you're watching the same channel on the screen. Uh but I'm also equally taken with this chunky plastic kiddie remote, um which is really nice and fun and good to hold and nice, big, easy buttons to press, but still quite simple and quite cost effective. So what seems kind of ideal for me would be to just have a fairly simple, uh not fancy but not totally minimalist, I mean just pretty simple plastic, probably, I was thinking, yellow and black, just because that's the company's colours, with very very few buttons, but that would correspond to a screen that would appear on the television screen, like, you know, just small along the bottom instead of instead of having the iPod style display screen on the actual remotes, which is far too expensive. And when you've got a screen sitting there in front of you, you might as well have it appearing uh on the screen in front of you, it doesn't obscure much of the actual picture you're watching. And so on that you can, just much in the same way as an existing Sky remote, scroll along, scroll up and down. And uh and I definitely support uh the use of plastic and or rubber. I mean titanium would be great, but I think it might be a bit too expensive and too kinda spacey. If we're k trying to keep it colourful and slightly organic, then I think titanium's too futuristic. Yeah. Whereas a plastic's so cheap and easy and mouldable and everything else. Uh then And it's a little bit pointless as well I think. Like when when when you've got when you've got the screen there, it doesn't have to be anything fancy, just a little menu showing yeah, a menu, you go into one menu and then it can have your different options, whether you wanna change the settings or the you know, your information about programme that's on at the moment. I don't think that's to taxing to uh s engineer. Um. But as for actually arranging them let me go back to the to the picture of the kiddie one. And I quite like it, 'cause it's just smooth and hand-held and it's got these easily reachable buttons that quite nicely uh spaced out, so something a bit like that with buttons arranged in a kind of circle. Up, down, left, right. I I was thinking not actually scroll, like a like mouse scroll, but you know, a I can't quite d uh describe it. you see on the one on the right, down at the bottom, is the mouse. Yeah, see where the mouse is, like this s style thing where you c have up, down, left and right. And enter in the middle, so you pick your menu and then your different options and when when you click on each one, it you can go into a new menu for that. I'm getting a bit uh specific here. Really we'd have to use something to show you, but If I don't think I can get it up on the screen. Ah here we go. Right. Well, the iPod spinning wheel is uh really complicated. It does scroll, but it is hugely complicated. What else have we got? Them, they're terrible. But they all have this this feature of this uh It's not quite a scroll wheel, but it's a kind of selection in this circle, which I think is a really good idea. Yeah, like up, down, left and right. Which is good. And then and then Yeah, so I mean either a channel up and down, volume up and down, next appearing programmes up and down, uh and then also when you get into the different menus on the screen, it's got your things like settings and contrast up and down. So all you really need is these four buttons with the enter in the middle. And that's it. Look at look at this one. Almost impossible to misplace or l or lose. Might take up your whole living room. Possibly. Yeah. That also is possible. Just Uh just something else I need to bring to your attention is have you have you seen these on a remote? This is actually the volume up and down, but they both say V_ on them, which, when you first look at it, you expect that to be the down, because it looks like a downward pointing arrow, but it's actually the V_ to indicate that it's the volume, so uh we do need to avoid little ambiguities like these. But we wouldn't have a specific volume up and down. If we're having the scroll wheel, then it's gonna double up as all the other up and down functions. But then, that's complicated. It sounds great. I've never come across it before, but it sounds fantastic. Sounds like it could be g a really good economical it would make the whole thing a lot lighter, more convenient. Yeah. 'Cause it's really a quite attractive thought, isn't it? It's like yeah, a good selling point. But it does depend how much I mean how much it costs and how much more development and research it needs. Do your exercises while you're watching the T_V_. Yeah, that's what I was thinking as well. Do you not think it might need like a kind of a hard plastic inner shell with the actual delicate workings inside, and then a kind of spongy Yeah, s thick spongy cover, so it feels like the whole thing's spongy, but actually you're not damaging anything by squeezing it. Because I mean you could just get carried away with the with the tac Yeah. Well you do get a bit carried away with things that are tactile, you just wanna stroke them and squeeze them, and Just copy the one on the left. No um a scroll Well, like four buttons, up, down, left and right with enter in the middle, that will correspond to a menu on the screen. Yeah, I'd like push buttons with So push buttons No, it's still it's still plugged in on mine actually. Now it's gone again. Oh yes. Great. I don't think so. Play-Doh.
Just just carry on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Sorry. I'm glad to see the marketing budget is being so well spent on. I think that's a good idea. Don't you? Yeah, I I think we're gonna have some trouble when we get down to the component design on this. Spongy is gonna be difficult, I'm afraid. Yeah, I mean basically we can make these things out of wood, titanium, plastic or rubber. I suppose rubber is the closest to spongy, yeah. I was thinking titanium myself. Yeah. W w would it be helpful if um I described the components a bit, because I think it would give you um maybe bring this discussion back to Earth of what we can actually physically do. Right, well I I I think some of this um you're gonna be a little disappointed with some of the things I have to tell you, but I'm afraid this is the real world. So um I've been looking at the the basics of how these devices actually have to work in order to operate, and I've had some discussions with the ma manufacturing division, who have told me what's actually available, you know, what the current state of the art in components is, and some of the exciting new things they've got, but I'm not sure that it's quite what you want um. Now this isn't a very good overhead, but this is just to show you, this is the innards of a remote control um. I really need a pen or something but uh does my mouse work? No. Um oh yeah, can you see my little mouse pointer? Right. This is this is the a a a remote that's been opened up and that's the the back of the interface. And this is a push-button one, so you see these little little buttons here, they're little rubber rubber buttons that go through onto the the board at the back and they push these buttons here. Um and we that's the basic construction that we've got to got to accommodate. We got to have something that pushes the little buttons that um talk to the chip that encodes the message that sends the the message to the receiver. So um I wan I wanna go through not not just addressing the um uh the the points that you made, Sarah, but um doing my presentation in the order I wrote it. So first of all um I wanna talk about what possibilities we've got for the energy source. Um we can have your bog standard double double A_ batteries in a replaceable um little compartment. We can have a hand sorry a wind-up, yeah, which I think is quite an interesting concept for a sorry for a remote control, but i it maybe is doesn't quite go with the um the fruit and veg. Um one that one that I think is quite interesting is the kinetic energy source, where um you you actually get the energy by moving the device, which is quite a ni a nice and neat one. You have to it means that if it's sitting there for a long time it probably won't work, but you have to sort of throw it between your hands every now and then, it'll work. Or we we had talked about solar power, but I thing that we agreed that that's not so good in the dark. Now I'm afraid this is the options we've got on on the case. It can be made of plastic, rubber, wood o if you like, or titanium. Um and the nearest we've got to st to spongy there I guess is rubber, but um I'm gonna come back to the advantages of titanium, and basically it can have a flat surface, a curved surface or a double curved surface, but I think if we wanna use standard components, we're gonna have difficulty with anything much beyond that. Okay, what does the interface look like? Um well push button, that's that's the one we're all familiar with. Um we can have scroll buttons and the the scroll button can incorporate a push, so you can have it like on a mouse where you can use it to go up and down, change volume or channel or something like that and push to select something. Um you can have multiple scroll buttons, um this is maybe getting a little bit complicated, but um it's it the technology is there. And we can also incorporate an L_C_D_ display in the remote, but this will increase the cost. Um the electronics that actually makes the device work, we've basically got three, simple, regular, advanced, and the price goes up as we choose each of this. If we want the nice cheap one, the simple, then we can only have push buttons. All the other fancy interface designs go out the window, I'm afraid. Um pay a little bit more for a regular chip and you can have scroll buttons. If you want the advanced chip it obviously costs more, but it that's what you need if you want the L_C_D_ display. And the manufacturing devision tell me that they have recently developed um sample sensor sample speaker devices. Now I don't know what that is, but I think they think it's quite important and we might want to incorporate it somewhere. Um ou our real expertise is in push buttons, I have to say, but maybe you think that's old technology. And well I I think we've got two options. We can either go for a really cheap model, keep all of the costs down, um which means a flat plastic case with an ordinary battery and simple push buttons. Or we can have something that looks a bit nicer, I think it, um won't necessarily l uh look like a pineapple, but um that may or may not be a good thing. Sorry. Um but it could have an L_C_D_ screen and it could have multiple scroll buttons, and it could have the the company's new development of the um sample sensor and speaker. So, thank you. Yeah, I'm afraid I don't have that information available. Um manufacturing didn't actually give attach any prices to any of this, I'm afraid. Yeah mm-hmm. Banana? We we could we could do um a double curved rubber one, which would allow um say a banana, but um unfortunately I see from my notes that if we do that, we have to have a push button as the interface, we can't do anything fancier. Yep. I If you do F_ uh F_N_ F_ eight again, it's it'll I think it yeah, you you will do an Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I'd I'd certainly support that idea. It's difficult to make fancy shapes in it as well, we can't for example have a double curved case in titanium unfortunately. And the the having the the the screen on the television screen I think is a good idea, 'cause um otherwise we're we're putting up the price not only for putting building the L_C_D_ in, but for the electronics as well. There is that. Do you want scroll buttons in that as well? Mm-hmm. Right. Yeah. I think I think that's a g nice clean design, it's playing to our strengths which are in push button technology. Yeah. But we can implement it with simple push buttons, which is much cheaper. In fact Oh that's really nice. Hmm. Mm. We we could actually do it in rubber instead of plastic if you'd rather if you feel if you like the spongy Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Oh unfortunately I don't have costing information. I i in terms of workability, I I think the the two front-runners are the standard battery or the kinetic, but I'm sorry I don't figures on the difference in cost. And and how much you do have to keep it moving, 'cause I'm conscious that watching T_V_ can be quite a sed sedentary activity. Yeah. True, yeah, m more more environmentally friendly. Oh right, okay, I'd that that's something I maybe should have covered. Um chip on print is just a manufacturing technique um and I would certainly recommend it, I think, because I'm not sure I have an alternative. I i it it's just the way that the the the uh th the way it's ac it's actually built and you you print onto the circuit board like you might print onto paper. Well if if Sarah's keen on a spongy feel, the the rubber that we're talking about is the same as you have in those little stress balls, so it's yeah. Yeah. I'd I'd need to talk to manufacturing again about whether that's actually possible, but I agree, it's uh sounds like a nice idea if it is. I should I should r Which I think technically is just push button and uh I'd certainly support that that that brings the cost down quite a lot and it's something that we're an ex the company's an expert on. You know, I think the the company's s next project should to design a better overhead device that switches immediately.
";The project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting. The marketing expert presented findings from trend watching reports and discussed her personal preferences in how to incorporate the results of the trend watching reports into the appearance of the remote. The trend watching reports indicated that products need to reflect a fruit and vegetable theme, sponginess, fanciness, and technological innovation. The team then discussed their target group and whether to use titanium or a spongy material in their design. The industrial designer discussed options for energy sources, materials, case shapes, and interface components such as buttons and LCD screens. The user interface designer examined the interfaces of existing products and discussed using menus within an interface using push buttons which operate like a scroll wheel. The team then discussed and made decisions on what energy sources, chips, case materials, and buttons to use. 
"I keep forgetting whether I've done this.. Yep. Ta-da. Right. Mm-hmm. Um well I don't have very much to add. Um the the case oops, that's the uh on off button just come off our prototype. The the case can be either um spongy rubber or hard plastic. We're not absolutely sure about a combination of the two, but it can be either of those. We have the technology to do that. Um and as for the the actual components um, uh Steph just said this is a quite a cheap device to manufacture. We have simple rubber push buttons um which provide all the functionality we need. Um the um the diode that actually does the um infrared is at the end, it's the stalk of the banana, or it's just the thing at the end of this version. Um so that's for material. Colour, well uh Steph's the expert on colour. Um we we don't have any particular restrictions on that. Yeah, I think that's all we've got to say really. A banana. Would you care to examine the prototypes, see how they feel in the hand? Yes, that's so that your index finger automatically goes straight to it. And it was partly we thought the design looked better, but it could be moved if if marketing feel it's important to have the on off button in a different place. Hmm. And it's a very simple design, there's not a lot to wrong, the components are cheap to make. Mm-hmm. Yes, a plain, simple, clean design. Well we have got s trendy further down, but Elegant, I don't know if I'd call them elegant. Stylish, yeah. Yeah, I'd I d I don't think that's what we're aiming at with this concept. I think we're using simple components that are gonna be robust but not particularly innovative. Very. Yeah. We have the worry about how robust it will be if it's it's curved as a banana but spongy. I think yeah. Yeah. No. So that's false. No. Yeah, I think they're different, aren't they? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think our instinct is that it should be pretty cheap to develop. We haven't got a lot of expensive components in there. I'd put it at one I think, but I dunno, what do you Yeah, true, it might be the yeah, yeah, true. True. Yeah, that's a good point. Right. Yeah. That was the crank, wind-up crank on the side. Just one. Uh uh yeah, I think we can do it all with simple Just checking that. Yeah, simple, 'cause we've just got push buttons, so we can do it all with simple which is the ch should be the cheapest. Yep. Yeah, that that one is single curve, isn't it? Um do we have I I think you it means you reverse the curve. Yeah. Yeah, I do I don't think we need that for either of them, you can do a banana in single curve, yeah. Yeah, can we do some what ifs, 'cause it may I mean I I still quite like the idea of combining plastic and rubber myself, but it depends on the cost, I guess. Yes. Yep. Do we need to say how many buttons, or or d is it just one? 'Kay. Uh they'll be rubber, yep. Actually, does tha does special material mean that plastic is not a special material? 'Cause I think they can be plastic. Yeah. They could be plastic, we don't have to have rubber buttons, because we haven't got a double curved case. It's just one, isn't it? What, we're in. More profit. Do you do you need to double click on that to open it? Yeah, yeah, the Play-Doh was best, I thought. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I think we're a good team actually. I'm not sure all the wires are really great though. I thought so. Yes. Yes. Oh hang on, we haven't heard. Mm-hmm. Absolutely, and it's kept us within budget. And then we get the product launch party. Product launch party? Absolutely.
Red. Agenda three. Mm. I like the fact that on both of them the keys play such a prominent role. It's really kind of a Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah. But it's also like texting, you don't Yeah. It's also in terms of um being lost it's it's quite it looks quite different. You know, I I d I have several four remotes, and they all look the same until you get up close and you have to you know, this is really identifiable. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, okay. Um shall I take your uh power? Oh. Okay. This is going to be a heavily interactive evaluation, and the method here is to evaluate the new remote control in terms of the user requirements and the hot trends introduced by the marketing department. So, this means we're going to go over the priorities that were raised by uh the consumers a as well as incorporate all of our insight into this uh evaluation exercise. So I'm going to go and use the whiteboard, and I've made a list of criteria to look at, and so I'm gonna I'm gonna leave this up as the last thing, but for the evaluation it's going to be one is true and seven is false, going over these different criteria, so one true seven false and I'm gonna now use the um the board. Okay. So um fancy, technologically innovative, easy to use, trendy, buttons, excess buttons, good buttons, ugly, sellable, and other. And in fact I hope that uh you all introduce some additional terms, because these are things that um have been brought up, some of them seem rather close, like they overlap. Mm, yeah, price. We'll put price up at the top. Um Okay, so Did you say? Uh okay, so wha how do we feel in terms of is this fancy? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I yeah, so in that respect I think we'll go with that respect. Yeah. Elegant. Yeah, no these aren't the exact terms that the um Yeah. Elegant. We're gon let's use elegant, although the the the people, the word on the street is is Yeah. N that um yeah uh the uh is fancy. So let's let's take it to the next level. Well okay, so in terms of elegant, fancy. we'll call it E_F_ um, do we do we think that perhaps and maybe we should say the yellow? Should we go with the yellow in terms of I think that's a really superior they're both Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As a banana. I think that many of us are abstract enough to look at the yellow one and say we'll call it the banana. And of the two I really like I m I like the banana, but I I do like the chunk. No, but I mean in terms we have to evaluate one of them. Unless do you guys wanna evaluate both? Okay. So we say true. Um technologically innovative. Yeah. So we'll say we'll say uh false. Easy to use. One, is that inappropriate? Okay. Oh, pardon me. Um trendy, s and I say specifically spongy fruity. Okay. Okay, so two? Um are there excess buttons? That is false. Um good, well designed buttons, intuitive buttons. True. Ugly. People don't respond well to ugly. Sellable, uh quirky, you know, something people like oh, yeah. Yeah, I do too. Oh yeah. And I was I was thinking of other things um in terms of uh could we say it's cost saving? With the Yeah, with the energy. It is going to be kinetic? Yeah, we'll c we'll say it's a cost saving enviro. Uh so yes. Well you're still in the Play-Doh stage. Anything else? Including price, do you have any idea about price or other features? Okay. So true one or should I go to two or three? Okay. Um other? Anything else you guys can thing of? And I'm gonna actually change a couple of these so then I'm gonna instead of ugly I'm gonna say it's attractive and then make that true, so that 'cause I have to do an average. And then um excess buttons. Exactly. Wow we're doing really well. Yeah, be you know, so it doesn't ruin the polarity. Mm-hmm. Or L_C_D_. Yeah. Well if you g uh let me know if if any of these um if you if you all can think of any other um thing to change here if you th if you think I should change the innovative or add other features. If not I'll average those. Okay. Mm. So Um okay, how about if I uh pass this back to you and I'll uh figure out the average here. Thank you for everyone's help with that. One, two, three, four, five, six. Yeah. Sure. Yes. Yeah. Yep. I think with the marketing element of uh fruit shaped I I mean I that really opened my eyes. I I only speak for myself though. Yes. I can give you a number, um it's uh the average evaluation score is one point eight eight, so it means w you know, I can I can spell it out. There were six true or ones, four um pardon me, two s almost true or close to true, so that was four points, and then uh one false, seven points, so seventeen divided by nine we're between one and two. I would say that's ex excellent in terms of uh ho how much we adhere to the ideals of the uh market place. To maintain old technology, exactly. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Okay. Nice. So we might have to wait. Yeah. Um I one thing I want to do is oh, I think the meeting's done. Yeah. Um one thing I wa I wanna do is save everything in the right files, because I don't think everything is saved. The right files. Final meeting market
Yes. Alright. Well. Yeah, well you see, each made one, we didn't have enough yellow dough. This is the one that I made. It is uh curved, easy to hold, hand-held, nice and small with big easy buttons. This is like a scroll, but they are push buttons and they enter takes you into the different menus. Of course we need someone who's experienced with the television. I mean this is the infrared thing that's gonna zap at the television. Uh I'm not quite sure how to make that, but I'm sure it will work. Uh this is on off switch, 'cause I think we do need that, and I think it gives it a nice balance. And it's gonna have the logo imprinted on it uh in there. Um as for what it's actually made of well the function of these buttons is up, down, left and right in the different menus. Uh position, I presume that just means right right on it, easy to see. The main feature of it is just a simple design, simple, lack of uh buttons all over the place. Right? Form curved, kind of smooth, hand-held, makes it feel nice to hold. Uh material, I think Kate's gonna tackle that quite a bit, but I think we have two different options, because we did make a another one, which wa uh is in the shape of banana, it's just if you can imagine this as yellow with black buttons, like just like this but in the shape of a banana, which is also nice and easy to hold and feels good and has a similar sort of scroll push button technology, just a slightly different design. Also with on off switch and infrared uh I had envisioned it in hard smooth plastic. So like uh well, I dunno, what's it like? I guess like an existing remote control, but molded and smooth. Whereas otherwise we'd thought, like with this one or mix and match, just we were gonna see what you thought, the uh a more spongy rubber cover with spongy buttons. So we have the two options we can follow, either the smooth hard plastic or the spongy rubber, depending on cost restraints. And what we well, what conclusion we reach when we discuss it. Uh material yeah, that's what I have to say about material. Can I scroll down on there and see what else Well colour, I think I definitely have a preference towards bright yellow with black buttons, because that's the company colours, but if anybody's got any other suggestions, I'm quite willing to consider them as well. So, it just depends what you think about these ideas and if I'm yeah, maybe, Kate, you better say what you think about them. I thin as for as for the fruit or organic theme, I guess this one is obviously fruit shaped. This one has n banana, yeah. This one has no obvious connections to fruit, but because it's round and molded, it kinda makes you think sort of organic, touchy-feely, kiddie, it's more like yeah, you'd expect it to be like a child's sorta toy remote control instead of a real one, which I quite like that sort of image. 'Cause it's very big and chunky and child-friendly and Hold them, you see, you know. Curvature, is it to your liking? If you don't wanna tire out your thumbs after all. Yeah. Breaking, oh right. Well you see, that's why hard plastic would be quite a good thing for it, because then it'd just be rigid. Yeah, we really like we really like that design, I mean it looks just like a logo, that arrangement of the keys. Like a c like a compass point, you know, just up, down, left and right, and we think we could make that quite a good feature. And it's like the the iPod scroll wheel, but better. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I mean it that's what it makes me think of, mobile phones, I was try I was thinking, moving your thumb like this, what does that remind me of? It's texting. Hmm. Yeah. I mean the thing is we do need to develop our technology of I mean actually how to program the menus and what sort of, you know, text box is gonna appear at the bottom of the screen, but we do definitely think that it's a viable option. Uh yeah, we're finished. Yeah, what about price, is that gonna go on there as well? Price of materials. Not that we actually know anything about it, but we can we can pretend. It depends what what you mean by fancy really, 'cause when I think of fancy, I think of it's got lots of extra sort of fripperies and, you know, like baroque curliness and which I'd call these quite uh minimalist, simple and plain, but I mean I do see what it is heavily reliant on appearance instead of pure functionality, so in that respect it is quite fancy. I think just maybe we need a different word other than fancy, I'd say maybe aesthetic. like stylish or aesthetic. Fancy. Did you just break the pen? Well d we'll just call it fancy then. Yeah, I think we n we need to they're both yellow with black buttons, it's just that we didn't have any more dough to represent uh that, but if you can just imagine banana shape with these bits as black. So what we re really need to decide is whether we want the actual banana shape or just a a purely blob or some sort of abstraction in between the two that isn't that is more curved, like a banana, but that isn't actually recognisable as a banana, you know, with the grooves and the stalk and stuff, so. So that's maybe not something we have to decide just right now, is it. Just somewhere a long the scale of in between these two. Yes. Oh yes. Well, maybe only a two or a three then, 'cause it's no we still haven't decided about specific sponginess or specific Yeah, I don't really think that's gonna work, but No. No. Well it is quite it is quite quirky I think. It could be quite a good brand, like a good little object. Oh, we also need tho think about the energy. Is it the kinetic energy? If it's it is gonna be environmentally friendly with the kinetic energy. Yeah, but we haven't completely developed that side of it yet, so we're not completely sure about that, but yeah. Yeah. I would say maybe a two, 'cause we still we need to uh get somebody in who is good with the programming for the menus and things. I mean it's not just like I mean it's not like ev you know, on a normal chunky remote every button res I mean means something different, whereas this one has only got the four buttons and they all they mean everything, depending on what menu you're in. uh we need somebody to develop that. Yeah. Just putting no excess buttons. As for see if we're technologically innovative, I'd say it is quite innovative, because there aren't really many that have this menu idea instead of all the extra buttons. I mean I know we're not doing anything involving internet or speech recognition but but we are at the upper end of the push button market. Well, just kinetic then,. It's the wind-up. What does double curved mean, I don't understand. Oh no, we don't need that. No. Single-curved, I'd say. I I just wanna say plastic. It's just button. Yeah. Yeah. Well yeah, like the compass point one. Yeah, they could be plastic. Great. Yes. Yeah. And Play-Doh. Yeah well, 'cause I mean it's so hard to describe what you mean just with words and pointing at photographs and saying, well we quite want this, but imagine it rounder. So much better just to go and, you know, this is it, this is what we want. Yeah. Spongy. And I'd never heard of the kinetic energy before, so. Good work as a design team, because we Oh yes. Yes. Yeah. And the the only false one is because we've chosen to keep a simple old technology, which if it works perfectly well I see no point in improving on if it works, so. Yeah. So we do count as I think excellent or one.. Bring on the ice sculptures. Yeah. That's what I said, ice sculptures. Is that the end of the meeting?
Um almost, there's one more thing I have to get out of the I have to make sure that this attachment will open. Ah-ha. Okay. We'll open that when the time is right. In the meantime Closing things down, okay. Let's see what this thing does. Does it come up together or disappear one of them or what? Ah, we came up together, we're good. Okay. Are we ready to start? Okay. It's now quarter of four. This is a f another forty minute one so it will end at four twenty five. Okay. Right. Our agenda is, as before, for me to open the meeting, for us to go over the previous minutes, then for the two of you to present your prototype and for you to g um Sarah present the evaluation criteria. We then have a finance aspect, which is a spreadsheet, an Excel spreadsheet. And I know what you're all thinking of, oh my, um because we're only given a forty minute time period to get it all in, including the production evaluation. So we're going to make a very fast track. Okay. Um and as you can see that's what we do next on this thing. So the first thing I have to do is close this so that I can get to Where is it? I need to open mine. Not the agenda. No that th I want the minutes from the previous minutes. That should be there, minutes. Yeah. Okay. Uh from meeting three, is it alright with you if I don't switch it to show, just use it as is? 'Cause this way I can more easily flip it. Okay, um obviously all of us were here for the last meeting, we reviewed the previous minutes before that, um each of you made your presentations. Um we discussed the various possibilities based on what was presented in those presentations. The market trend of fruit and veg, mm spongy, uh fancy and elegant more than technologically innovative and that more than easy. Um we decided chip on print would be used. Um we would use plastic with a rubber casing, I think was the consensus, powered by kinetic energy. There was no decision made on the curvatures or double curvature or straight. Um perhaps the prototype will give us an inkling of that. Um looking like a scroll, but it's really a push button technology, excuse my spelling um that was actually in use, that is uh behind the scenes is push button which we uh according to Kate have a very good uh grasp on doing that in production. Um we decided that separate fashionable covers covering your fruit and veg might be a separate product that could be suggested to management. Um and as suggested um yellow with black buttons with the company logo, a slogan and image might be a good idea based on the requirements that have been provided to us. Um we did have a few production issues and coordination of the various bits and we had some conflict of ideas and cost constraints and we ran out of time. Um we had to follow that up and prepare for the last one. And uh we closed as it ran out of time. Is that a fair presentation of what happened? Okay, back to this meeting. Um we're down to the prototype presentation. Over to you. Ooh, two. Ah. Uh-huh. 'Kay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh I see, the on-off's in the back. And then you can use your thumb. I could see this thing, unless it's reinforced, having a problem with the you know yeah. Hmm. Okay. The next item is evaluation. Uh if that's if you're finished. Oh sorry. Try again. Hmm. Well we will soon, unfortunately. Come on. No,. Elegant. Elegant. Mm. Yeah. The chunk. I think between the two, somewhere between the two is true. It's more true than false, about a two. Mm-hmm. Trendy. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Excess buttons. No. Better, more intuitive buttons, yes. No. I like it. Mm-hmm. Yes, the instinct says true. Yeah, that's not a cheap thing to get. Hmm. I think we're good. Okay. We're a little over halfway through the meeting and the next big thing is the finance. Okay. Yep. Right. Right. And as you can see it says the same thing, it had not lost itself, thank Goodness. And we're going to raise what's called a sp a spreadsheet that they provided to me. Um and it says fill in the number of components you plan to use in your device. Hand dynamo, battery, kinetic, solar cells. Okay. Yeah. Um what's a hand dynamo? Oh shoot, forget that. Kinetic is um and how many of those will we need per we only need one. Okay. Electronic simple chip on print, and we'll need one of those. Okay, and we only need one of those. Okay, the case will be uncurved and flat or a single curve or a double curve. It looks like it single curve, 'cause of th the chunkiness. It's that's uh uh one. And that's uh that's the the one that goes like this. Right. No, single curve. Okay, case material supplements. Plastic, wood, rubber, titanium, special colour. We had the special colour. And did we say plastic? Yeah. Okay. We'll come back, if we can, to the rubber being added at the moment, that's where we are. Interface button push button interface. That's what we're using, isn't it? Whoops, don't want that, not yet. Um No, it just says push button interface. Button supplements, they'll be in a special colour of black. And the buttons Wha what is the buttons made of, rubber? So we need one of them. And are they any special form? 'Cause the rate we're going we can put the rubber on top. Oh. Okay. Um let's put that rubber in then, of the case material supplement. Uh we only need one of them. Um and the total cost has been calculated as nine Pounds twenty out of the twelve and a half we were allowed. We're in. That's us. Okay, I'm going to save this into our desktop, project documents. Okay. As our project document bit. Yeah. There we are. That's the only Excel document that will be in there, so it's there for all of us. Okay, so, are they under twelve fifty? Yes, go to the project evaluation, next slide. Right. Um the project process, satisfaction with, for example, the room for creativity. Yeah, leadership, teamwork, means, of having whiteboard, the digital pens and all that kind of good things. Uh-huh. Okay. So, we went over all those things and we're satisfied with all the above. Um did we find any new ideas? So we actually worked well as a group. Right. Are the costs within the budget? Yes. Is the project evaluated? Yes. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Alright. And we've therefore we have to do the final questionnaire and do the meeting summary, I have a final report to present, um and then we're done. We done good, and we're finished in time. I believe that is the end of our meeting. Thank you, Melissa.
";The project manager opened the meeting and went over the minutes of the previous meeting. The user interface designer and industrial designer then presented two prototypes of the remote the team is working on and discussed the options for components and materials to include in their design. The first prototype featured a simple design with only a small number of buttons. The second prototype was shaped like a banana and used scroll push button technology. The marketing expert then led the team in conducting a product evaluation of the prototypes in which the prototypes were evaluated on the basis of their fanciness, technological innovation, ease of use, trendiness, and marketability. Overall, the prototypes performed quite well in the evaluation. The project manager then examined the production costs of the remote. The cost to produce the remote was 9.20 pounds and did not exceed the project budget. The team then conducted an evaluation of the project process, in which they indicated that they were quite happy with the tools available to them, the ideas they came up with, and their teamwork. 
"Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'm Robin. I'm the Marketing Manager. Mm-hmm, okay. I dunno. Your microphone's just Yeah. I don't know. We can have have a whole menagerie. Right. Hello. Um I'm gonna go for the dog, and I'm gonna draw one badly as well. Uh. looks like it's going to be a dachshund or something. Right. There's my dog. Um I like dogs because they're very loyal. And they're always happy, so whenever whenever you're feeling sort of a bit a bit down or tired, they're always coming up and they're always um quite excited. So um you can always have a lot of fun with a dog. And they're also good for exercise as well. You can sorta get out and they they sorta never get tired. And and when they're tired they're quite cute as well, so. Okay, that's why I like dogs. Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I've Okay. Yeah. Um one of the things um we found from the market research is that people often get confused by the number of buttons on them as well. 'Cause there's quite often lots and lots. And um sometimes uh they sort of remote controls defeat their own purpose because you're sat in the chair and the remote is somewhere else in the room. So whereas in the past you'd have to get up to change the channel, now you have to get up to sort of pick up the remote. So so I don't we need to sort of maybe think about how um we could maybe uh develop a remote control which moves around the room. I don't know. That's that's maybe something for the future when you can talk to your television, but Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean we've done some research um about sort of you know what the cutting edge sort of hand held devices are, and a lot of them sort of use you know they're like they're like mini laptops. So it's possible that we could devise a system where where you're you're basically sort of holding a a miniature computer which is controlling all your your sort of your television, your stereo, and where you know if you buy a new thing then it sort of you can link it to that as well, maybe. Okay. If you just click return it should be okay. It'll get rid of the message. If you hit just hit return and it should get rid of the message. Oh you've got. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay cool. Okay cheers.
I'm Louisa. I'm the User Interface Designer. I'm not exactly sure what you mean by tool training. I don't mind. Um. Let's see. Good job I got pockets today. Are we supposed to do this right now, do you think, or? Oh. Right here we go. Okay. I think that I would have to say that my favourite animal is the cat. Little smiley cat there. Um and this would be because they're very independent, uh they're very intelligent, compared to dogs maybe. Um and they can be very very affectionate. Some people don't think so but I know very affectionate cats. Um. Um and they can look after themselves. Shall I rub that out, actually? That's quite good. Can I just check? Is this just a television remote? Because a lot of um systems are kind of T_V_ video combined now, or T_V_ D_V_D_ combined. And one of the most annoying things is having like five remotes in the house. So if you've got a combined system, it could be a combined remote. Or is it just a television that we're supposed to be doing? Comes to your whistle. I think that might be back to the start. Um if you grab the kind of uh slide to the left and pull it down? I'm not exactly clear on what we're designing the rem remote for. Is this a mun multi-functional one or do we decide that ourselves as we go away and work on it? Right. Okay.
Okay. I'm Nick. I am the Industrial Designer. Tool training. Yeah. Yes. Okay. You've lost uh your microphone there. Okay, yeah. I'll I'll Shall I see if I can get across without just tangling everything. Okay. There's one. Didn't think of that. 'Kay uh pens are over here. I'll try the red pen. Okay. Um. I'm gonna go for the bear which I'm be able to draw very well, but I'll have a bash at it. Uh. Ooh ooh I lost it there. I think I've just knocked the microphone. Um. We'll g then we'll go for a a s small small bear. Um and I like my animal that looks nothing like a bear because um I dunno maybe because there's so many cartoon characters made up after the bear like the jungle book characters and stuff like that. Great. Yes. Um I with some remote controls the buttons were a little small so they're quite hard to press so maybe we make something with uh easy to press buttons. As that is the main function. Yes. Um sort of easy to use so the buttons are accessible. is easy to use and see. Yes. Sorry, you go. You go. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Maybe we could um have better instructions with the remote. Or are we just doing the design of the remote control itself, or sort of the instructions that would come with it? 'Kay. Or not. slide four Okay. Yes. 'Kay, yes. I think you just said at the start it was a television remote control, so maybe we should just stick to that unless we get told otherwise. 'Kay. Okay, that's great.
Right, so start of the first meeting. Uh. Right, so agenda of the first meeting. Where we uh We have twenty five minutes for this meeting. We uh are to get acquainted. So does everyone want to say who they are? that seem sensible? And I'm Alastair and I'm the project leader. Alright okay, so tool training. Um. Project plan. So does anyone have any uh thoughts as to the tool training that uh is required? Neither am I. Oh I see, so we shouldn't really be Oh right okay, so. So we have the project team, which is to um basically to come up with a new r remote control device. Uh we have uh the starting base was the original which has been in existence now for a period of time. And uh our idea is to uh to make the new remote control device uh more user friendly than the previous one, and to to be trendier, to be with it, and therefore to uh to get a bigger market share and bigger audience. So um method of doing this is uh split up as you can see into uh the functional design, the conceptional design, and the detailed design. So um in each of these uh phases we'll uh basically be handing over to yourselves, the designers of this uh this device. And uh having uh meetings so that we can uh during the course of the day um come up with a better better inst implement than we had before. And therefore um have a successful uh conclusion to the day. Um and you'll be doing uh various designs uh throughout the day to meet this end. So we've got tool training. Try out whiteboard. Uh. So we will um. Right so everyone's to uh supposedly uh draw their favourite animal over on the white board over there. I guess this is uh make sure the whiteboard works. So uh I don't know who wishes to go first. Do you wish to go f Have a first bash at uh whatever. Ah uh. But now you you uh you'll move out from the microphone and the camera. I take it that I would I would guess so. Or Technical problems. I mean you designers are meant to come up with these sort of things. Next. I don't see as there's any need to. There's plenty of space. I mean whatever. Exactly. We've had more time to prepare over this side, so we've all stuck our bits and pieces in our pockets. The three pens are underneath. You get marks for artistic impression. So you're just doing the face. Right, um. Well I've not actually had too many pets uh over my uh time 'cause to be honest with you uh I'm not too keen on them anyway. Not to worry. So what my daughters have got at the moment is they've got uh a few fish and so hopefully um won't prove too difficult to draw. Uh As you can see that my artist artistic work is useless as well. Anyway um. And uh one of the best uh things about fish is that they don't really take uh too much looking after because uh with most of the animals if you're going away on holiday or whatever, you've gotta spend money or get a friend or whatever to look after them for you. Whereas if you got fish, you just gotta put the food in a a a dripper feed which feeds them over the uh couple of weeks that you're away and uh change the water every couple of months, and buy in a few plants, so. Other than the fact that they keep dying, uh fish are uh are not are are are reasonable pets in that uh they're low maintenance. Right. Okay, uh if we're still all with us. Right okay, so. Work has been done on uh this uh project where by um twenty five Euros is uh the uh expected uh selling price. That information has come from our marketing manager here. So we're looking to sell internationally, not just in Europe. We're looking at um having our production costs limited to uh twelve and an half Euro per unit. And therefore making a profit margin of uh well not actually a profit margin it's uh because obviously you're gonna have overheads and various other costs to uh take uh from uh from that to give you your profit margin per unit. And so depending what the uh the overhead uh costs are will determine uh how many units we're uh looking to sell or projecting to sell at this point in time. So um Experience with remote control, first ideas. New remote. So I guess we're looking at um having a discussion at this point in time to help uh you um folks design our our new model as it were. So uh any any thoughts? Okay, so so basically we're looking for some um we're looking for a device that is um robust and and therefore uh won't get damaged too easily. Um we're looking for a device that is uh What was the other things you said there? Easy to use. Use. And see. Okay. Uh. Mm-hmm. Oh I w um basically I'll get back to you on that. But it seems to me sensible, 'cause as you rightly said, there's nothing more annoying than having three or four devices littered about the uh about the room. And uh So a device for for all remotes. Hmm. But is it in a sense it's r um mutually exclusive. You can't have both the th the one device and then have few buttons on it to 'cause you want you want simplicity as well, you want any idiot to be able to use it. Whilst at the same time you want, as you rightly said, one remote for all. And so these are probably mutually exclusive options that uh Hmm you could argue that experience of using devices and similar devices as people get more and more used to using remotes, therefore they're more with handling them, therefore you can make them more complicated as time goes on. Better instructions. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um well we've got five minutes before the end of the meeting. So uh we have to uh start winding up. Um is there Next meeting in thirty minutes. So um Right, so we've got I_D_ the Come on, where's my Oh there we go. Yeah. That's what I was looking for. Right. So we've got function Oh what happened to the Right. Right. Sorry about that. Okay, so we've got um the working design for I_D_. For U_I_D_ the technical functions design. Marketing, the user requirement specification. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your person by your personal coach. So. Are we all clear what objectives we're looking to meet in the next thirty minutes? And I guess I'll try and write up some minutes of uh this meeting to uh to give it to you for the next meeting. Television remote control. That's true, 'cause during during the course of our day we might make decisions based on information or meetings that would change where we're going. But at this point in time I think you're right that uh shall we make it just a T_V_. Okay? So we will depart. We will stay here and uh and break off. And I'll do minutes and and we'll see you in half and hour. Okay. Right s
";The group introduced themselves and their roles to each other. The Project Manager introduced the project aim and agenda to the group. The group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room equipment by drawing on the whiteboard. The Project Manager discussed the projected production cost and price point for the device. The group began a discussion about their own experiences with using remote controls and about usability features to be included in the design. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to prepare the working design, the User Interface Designer to research technical functions, and the Marketing Expert to prepare the user requirement specification. The group discussed the function of the prototype and decided that they should restrict the remote to television for the time being. 
"Right uh. So um. So where's the PowerPoint presentation? Sorry? Microsoft PowerPoint, right. Right, okay. So. Right. Okay, so we've got uh so we've got new project requirements. Um. So basically we've got three things, and we've got forty minutes in which to uh for this meeting to uh to discuss the various options. Um. Three presentations. I see, right. That's nice to know, one from each of you. Um new project requirements. Um so do we want to do the presentation first, or do we want to um W I I got um or or three things basically, um relating to the remote being only for T_V_. We discussed that last time and in actual fact that was pr pretty well what we came up with anyway. So in fact it actually f we won't be forestalled in a sense. Um we've got uh teletext outdated. Um did you get any information on that? Right and the corporate image was the uh final thing. So I I got that in email form. Um. Right okay. So I guess if we go ahead with the uh with the three presentations. So we'll start with yourself on the basis that uh Sorry, yep. Oh. it going? Okay. Uh there's the rubber on the right, I think. it's magic. So the the top bit's the power source, yes?. So the battery is the in the sender. Okay. So, now more design. That's what we like to hear. Is it control function ei Oh, th there you go. Well there's a couple of things there. Um we have to remember that we have our own um logo and colour scheme. So basically we'd have to uh we'd have to be putting that on um the the product. I haven't as yet, no. But uh I got uh I got an email that basically said to uh make sure that uh whatever device we come up with at the end of the day had to incorporate um the corporate colour and slogan. So uh I'm guessing that uh uh I notice on the bottom there it's got uh what's that? A_P_O_G_E_E_ that might be the corporate colour scheme, although the only the only colour I can see in that is the red. Well b uh w Well th the on the Well uh for for general television purposes obviously you have channels one to five at this point in time, and we'd have to have some room for uh future such channels. But but But, well possibly but the the other thing is that with um the current expansion of uh channels uh in the process of taking place, certainly the button up and down, but uh I mean how many channels do we have to um actual television channels do we have to uh prepare for? I would have thought that uh it's forever expanding and at the moment we've got although you've onl you've got the five standard, you've got the B_B_C_ have come up with a further six and uh there's uh I don't know exactly how many channels there are on uh when you take into account uh Sky and various other um various others. So I would've thought that we wouldn't, you know, rather Okay, if the time of flicking from one to other, but presumably it'll take a second 'cause you have to be able to stop it. Maybe you could have a fast forward on the on the channels that w and then you could dispense with more otherwise. Y you'd want you'd want to get fairly quickly to the channel that you wanted. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I s I suppose in a sense you could have um if you've got a hundred channels then if you had sort of an easy way of getting rather than having to go one to a hundred, you could go one to one to ten, ten to twenty and then have a second button to get you to the actual channel you want and that would cut down your time. Anyway. Whatever. Okay. Okay. Limit the number of buttons, user friendly. Yeah. Well that's true, yeah, you could get fifty by five and a zero or whatever, that that makes sense. Yeah. Does. So w so what was the circular thing that you were If it's just for T_V_, which is what it is at the moment. Mm-hmm. Well we've we've got um that it's remote for T_V_ only otherwise project would become too complex with uh which would endanger the time to market was one of the considerations. I'm I don't know d did you have that information behind the marketing, or was I meant to give you that information? Right. Right, okay, so basically time to market seems to be important, therefore speed of delivery. We've only got about another four hours left. Yeah, I think she said twenty seconds to um What was that last wee bit there? Speech recognition, right okay. But that was only for young people that preferred it, older people didn't. Well that's right. Sounds reasonable. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So Well if you're trying to avoid having a second product 'cause obviously you could have a second product that gave you the right pitch which would set the remote off to say here I am sort of thing, you know without sound recognition. But if you I know. Um I was gonna say a sharp noise, you know a clapping of hand or whatever. You'd want to try and av just have the one product that if Yeah. Um I dunno um talking about vo I mean obviously if you've got voice recognition then you can do it in that way because it'll recognise the voice and you can give it a command, a set command whatever that happened to be. But you've then got the point if if you're not going with uh voice recognition then Mm. So uh Any sugges Well, any conclusions? Well if it does then we can't. It's that simple, because we've got uh th th three um primary um uh requisites from uh from and email uh that was sent to me whereby we had The design logo was one, which we've already mentioned. We've got um the remote was only for the television and not for because that would make it too complex and we have to get it market quickly. And the uh third thing was that um teletext uh as far as uh the management is concerned, um is becoming dated uh due to the popularity of the internet. So that means that uh so these are the sort of three um extra parameters that have been put on this uh project. So we're being focused effectively directly at a television and it seems to me that the management is uh wanting us to go down a narrow path and not opening out. So anything that uh is to be added, such as voice recognition et cetera has to be very simple and has to be very quick because time to market is is critical. S It would. But probably quick and simple is primary rather than added extras. Added extras would be nice, but the primary consideration is to get the project finished within uh this short time window, which effectively now is sort of four hours. So and if and we've gotta get to the end. Uh d d I think I think first and foremost we've gotta get to the end and then get to the end with um added extras if possible. Okay. Right okay, uh so I need to Right. So I don't know how long we have left of our uh time. But we have to make the decisions on uh the remote control functions and how we were planning to proceed so that at the next uh meeting each person that's got a a a task to do is clear from this meeting what that task is. We'll also know w when the next meeting is I um so we'll know how long we've got to complete that task. And then we can report back at the next meeting and say right okay yes, we've achieved this or we haven't achieved this, this is how far we've progressed. Does that make reasonable sense? So we have to come effectively to the decision on the remote functions so that you can decide what you're gonna be doing. And if dur between the time of this meeting finishing and the next meeting starting, if you get any additional information that uh only you have at that point in time you'd think would be relevant to other people in terms of their des decision making um process, then we should communicate that as quickly as possible and not wait until the next meeting. Do it via the email so that rather than coming you know If you get the information just before the next meeting that's fine. Come along with it in the next meeting, we can discuss it then and take whatever action is appropriate. But if you get it well before the next meeting, let everybody else know 'cause that might have an impact on their uh on what they come up with effectively at the next meeting. Okay. Right, is there I would guess so. Yep. I w well uh i Something simple. Uh if if our primary consideration is to get it there in time, time's short, you want something to meet the major concerns of the consumer so that we can have that as a selling point for the product, something that's quick and simple. So, sounds good. Well, so maybe a clap rather than a whistle would be On the basis that if we've got if we're catering to the whole age range, you want something that's easy to do, now something that doesn't like whis uh Well I I I don't know. Well If you think that more people can whistle than clap then that's fine, then go for that option, but if I would have thought that more people could clap rather than whistle, so uh so clap option. Okay. Uh. Ef effectively that's what the that's what they're saying, that uh if uh if people are now using the internet then you don't need teletext, so so take out teletext. Yeah. No. But the but that's relying on the television market changing to an automatic and if it is at the moment, that's fine. But at the moment it's not, so it seems to me that you have to have a device that caters, 'cause otherwise it would make it uh your device would become inoperable, or only operable in certain circumstances and the idea is to have an international market which is And it's also m it's the the product we've got is something that's at the I would have said the lower end of the s of the cost scale, so we're not really going for something that's uh terribly high-tech. Possibly. That's right. Okay, well. Mm. So y Ah That's a very good idea. So you keep um Right we've got five minutes before we wind up this meeting, so I've been told. I don't know if you've got the same. Okay. So so keep um keep detailed functions um hidden at the back. Ah. Mm-hmm. That's right. data functions hidden at back. Can bring out when needed. That's right so we're dis So you've got which ones are gonna be on the front and which ones are gonna be on the back. We have to decide. I guess so. So on front, numbers, volume. Sorry? Mm. Mm-hmm. So so are you having the stand-by on the front, then? Well. Channel up and down. What else have we got? What was that, sixteen? Volume button. How many volumes? Right okay. Power button, stand-by, channel, up and down. So is that it? Okay. That's sixteen buttons, you reckon. And then at the back? Okay. So on the back it'll have brightness, contrast, anything else? You're also gonna have the channel tuner, as it were. Tuner, would that have up and down?. okay. Okay. Um up volume, yeah, I would have thought so. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Well you might get some research. Okay. Right so I'll do the minutes of uh this meeting. And we'll meet back at I'm not sure. Um forty minutes, I believe is the time. Come on.
Yeah. No. What is it? I think you've got to do um control F_ eight. Shift F_ eight. Ah there, it's doing something. I think it's that little Right. Thank you. Mine's not quite as complicated as all that. Did I press function? Yeah. Oh. Um. Okay so I'm gonna talk a bit about the technical functions design. I'm Louisa, the User Interface Designer, as you know. Um so the m basic method of this is to send a signal from the remote to the television set, so that a desired function is performed. Um an example of the function could be to change the volume up or down, uh so obviously you need two different buttons for that. Um to change the channel, either by pressing the number that you want or by channel up or down. Um to switch the television on or off, maybe a standby button. Um here are two example remotes. Um by the look of it they both have um kind of play and fast forward, rewind functions, so I think they incorporate a kind of video function which we won't have to worry about. Uh but as you can see, the left remote is quite um quite busy looking, quite complicated. Um whereas the right remote is much simpler, it looks much more user friendly. Um so my personal preference would be the right remote. So, it's got nice big buttons, it's got a very limited number of buttons. Um they're nice, kinda clearly labelled. Um I like the use of the kind of um symbols like the triangles and the squares and the arrows as well as the words on the um kind of play functions and all that. So it's very very user friendly, and it's got a little splash of colour. Could maybe do with some more colour. Um. Hmm. Do we get to see that? Will you be presenting that in a bit? Hmm. What do you mean by the circular section? Like all of that bottom bit? Yeah. Yeah. And I don't really think that you need nine numbers. I mean how often do you use seven, eight and nine? I think just one to six and then channel up and down should be enough. Like how often do you hit nine? Hmm. Um some remotes have kind of favourite options where if you always flick from channel one to channel six, um if that's a favourite you just like by-pass two to five. Hmm. Mm. Um. But I think a lot of um like Cable and Sky and stuff, that would be tuned to one channel, and then you'd have another remote for all of those channels. Like to get to fifty five and the higher numbers Yeah. But I suppose nine's not really excessive. I suppose it does make a good pattern. Okay. Um I think that's just for a video, so we wouldn't need any of that at all. Mm-hmm. Okay, so is everyone happy with that? Right well that's the end of my presentation. Do a lot of um There's key rings um that you kind of whistle at or clap at, I can't remember, and then they whistle back, or something like that. That'd probably be really simple, they're cheap. Yeah. Well I think it'd be really easy and it'd be a big advantage if we did have some sort of um kind of whistle back kind of function. 'Cause that'll solve kind of the frustration of losing it. Yeah. I don't really know about the voice recognition thing. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And that wouldn't put off the kind of older generation either, 'cause everyone can whistle or clap, and they wouldn't have to be kind of scared of this new technology. 'Kay we've already decided that we don't need a teletext button, haven't we? Is that one of the Hmm. Right. Yeah, I think so, so zero to nine. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, like the volume or something. Yeah, 'cause you do need um kind of brightness and contrast and everything as well. My dad was watching a film the other week and it was too dark, so I had to go through it and turn the brightness up. Well, if we're trying to keep it slee sleek and sexy as well, have you seen those remotes where kind of um the bottom bit slides down, so there's kind of um everything else revealed? So you don't use it that much, you don't have to see it all the time. But it's all there if you need it. Like a hidden panel. Hmm. And that'll be better for the older generation as well 'cause, well my dad doesn't like anything that you've got to kinda flick through a menu, but he can pretty much read a button if it's displayed properly. Yeah. And the volume? Um. Yeah. Yeah I think they're handy. I know it's probably like um not an issue to raise here, but um the whole thing about not using your standby uh because of the like waste of electricity. Have you seen the adverts? Like if you boil the kettle that's full that's a waste. If you leave your telly on standby it powers Blackpool for a certain amount of time. Like we should maybe try to discourage people from standby. Yeah, it's maybe too much of a big issue for here. Uh-oh danger sign. Yeah, but a little bit smaller. Compromise. Right. On mute. so. And then Mm-hmm. Uh there's audio functions. Yeah. I think they normally do. Yeah. So I think um there's quite a lot of like Dolby surround studio, surround sort of things. Um maybe for the younger market. Um I think they've got their own controls in this kind of like hidden panel. Oh no, I mean um like there's kind of individual buttons for them, like on the T_V_ remote. But I don't really know what they're for, I've never used them. I just know they're something to do with Dolby. Right.
Yeah, I've got one too. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. There's usually a little thing in the top right for the Oh hang on, it's just coming on. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um I'm not sure. I had I've had some market information, but not from the company, no. Okay. 'Kay. I'm gonna pull this off. Uh-huh. Okay. I'll give it another go. Yeah, there we go. Right, we've done some research into the functional requirements that people want out of their remote control. And first off we should state that th the remote control's for controlling the T_V_ and um how do people use it? We asked them sort of which buttons were useful for them. Um how d how does a remote control look and feel for them, and what improvements would would they like to remote control. And we did that by sort of giving them a questionnaire that we'd prepared and asking them to fill in the answers. And three quarters of them found that remote controls are ugly and that a sort of even higher proportion would spend more for a sort of s uh a fancier remote control And that of all the buttons on the remote control, the sort of setting buttons for sort of the picture picture and brightness and the audio settings, um they weren't used very often at all. People concentrated on the channel buttons and the volume buttons and the power buttons. Uh we also asked them about speech recognition uh for remote control. And young people were quite receptive to this, but as soon as we got sort of over about into a thirty five to forty age forty five age group and older, people people weren't quite so keen on speech recognition. There's a lot more th there's a lot lot more older people who didn't know whether they wanted it or not as well. Um we also asked what frustrated people about remote controls and the number one frustration was that the remote was lost somewhere else in the room and that they couldn't find it. And the second second biggest frustration what that if they got a new remote control, it was difficult to learn um all the buttons and all the functions, and to find your way around it. Okay, so My personal preferences from the marketing is that we need to come up with some sort of sleek sort of good looking high high-tech A design which looks high-tech, basically. Um and that we should come up with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market, and we should sort of concentrate on the channels and sort of power, and also volume and that sort of thing, as as Louisa said. Um we could maybe come up with a menu, a sort of a an L_C_D_ menu for other functions on the remote control. That's worth thinking about. Um and maybe we could think about speech recognition as well, because um sort of young people are perhaps the ones that are gonna buy buy our new product if we aim it at sort of you know sort of a high-tech design. That that might be the market that we're we're looking for. And we could maybe think about using speech recogniti recognition as a way to find the remote control if it's lost in a room, rather than sort of um having it to speech recognition to change the channels. 'Cause there's a problem with that in that the television makes noise, so it could end up talking to itself and changing its channel. Okay um, and that's the end of the slide show. That's it. Cool. Um about speech recognition? Yeah. Youn young people pref Yeah, they s they said that they'd be interested in a remote control which offered that possibility and as you go up through the age groups, people got less and less interested in sort of a a remote control that you could talk to, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah, we'd have t that would mean we'd have to put two products together as well, which which again would probably be a bit expensive, but Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um would it take quite a while to sort of develop the speech recognition software in the remote control? Considering Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So About five minutes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yep. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So do we need to decide on the functions now? S Mm-hmm. Yeah and Yeah and that was that was the number one sort of frustration that people said, so. I don't think there's anything else on the market that does that, so. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No not everyone can whistle, can they, though? No, clapping, I think clapping, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Taking out teletext, okay. Mm. I think nowadays you can just get ones where it gives you a sort of a second or two to press another number, so you can press any two and it'll sort of put them together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh we could possibly put an L_ a sort of a L_C_D_ menu in, but that again is probably an expense that Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I s I suppose um if people are buying remotes, then they're probably buying it to replace another remote 'cause all most tellies come with remotes, so. I mean we're maybe talking about replacing remotes for slightly older televisions, so we maybe need to keep the the tuning function in. Yeah, that would be a good idea, yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Uh I'm not sure whether the sort of having people have a booklet 'cause one the second most annoying thing that people found was having to learn the new one. So maybe next to each of the buttons, you know each of them could have a number and then also a function written next to it, so you're basically pressing Right. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So th the The detailed ones would be sort of brightness, uh sorta Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And probably a power one as well. Dunno. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um 'cause yeah the market research said there is quite a lot of people do just zap around and flick, so. Um. Numbers is ten, volume is twelve, th Yeah si One up, one down. And a mute, yeah. That's sixteen isn't it, yeah. I don't think so, no. You've got brightness and contrast. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And then maybe sort of an enter button for sort of s you know, saying that you want that particular thing tuned in. So you go up and down and then it pick it finds something and then you wanna press enter to select it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Right. Okay.
We have a I guess we have a presentation each, 'cause I've got one. Um. Mm-hmm. Uh we didn't, no. I d I didn't personally. Okay that's fine. I'll just um I'll grab the wire out the back of this one. I'm not quite sure how it Control Doesn't seem to be quite working at the moment. Alt function F_ eight. Again not doing anything. Oh. pressed about five times now. Okay, that's me. Okay, um I have to go again. Hopefully that should be it this time. Okay, I think we're there. That's good. Okay, um Okay I'm gonna be looking at the working design. Um of the of the remote control. Um I've just got three sections, first is the research I made on the on the remote control itself um. And then that involves the components required in it and the systems uh design of the actual the actual remote. Um so having researched the existing models within the market, um I found my research off the internet. Um I've established what the components required for the remote control to function, actually are. And then also the methods in which these components interact together for the remote to actually do what you want it to do and how it connects with the television. Um the basic components are an energy source which I guess um in most existing models would be a battery supply. Whether that'll be sort of two batteries, four batteries, um it may vary. We then have the user interface, which is basically the like the the buttons on the actual remote. Um the various functions used for changing channel, uh channel up and down, volume, things like that. Um there's also a chip inside the remote which does all the computer type things. And then the sender, which um is usually, I've found, an infra-red device which sends a signal to the actual television. Um and the last part is receiver which is important in the system but is not actually part of the remote itself, because that's obviously found in the television.. Um I'm gonna have to actually draw on the board because uh it was a little tricky on PowerPoint to get this working, so. I'll just go through there. S um um do we have a cloth to wipe this down with, or? Oh I'll j Oh I see. Oh okay. I'll get rid of the bear Okay that's great. Okay, so we start off with a um battery suppl Uh no, a power supply which we'd probably get it's probably gonna be the battery. Um we then have a particular button, which may be that's obviously there's lots and lots of different buttons. Um but this is how the basic system works. Um that sends after you press that that sends the message to the chip, which um then sends It sort of interprets which button you've pressed and then sends the appropriate message to the sender. Um. So that's. That's the remote in itself, that's the components of the remote and how they work together. So this is the uh user interface. Um this is the chip itself, which then, and that's the that's the infra-red sender. And then on the separate thing we have on the on the television we have a a receiver. And the sender sends a message to the receiver. 'Kay. Ah yes, that's the power source. Um. going on to personal preferences, I've said that battery seems the best option for the actual remote, just because of the size. You don't want a a cable attached to the remote otherwise it's not it's not really a remote. Um and then the sender, and infra-red um has been used quite successfully. If the battery's on reasonable power, they always seem to work fairly well. You don't have to be point directly at the television itself. Um Yes. 'Kay and that's it for the moment. Would you be able to get rid of the the extra buttons here, the the sort of circular section, because that seems to be for a video as well. So we could dispense with that little bit as well and just get it down to just the numbers and the volume. Possibly? J yeah yeah yeah j yeah just this little bit is that I think that's still um a video remote part, so maybe we could get rid of that as well. It's just people are used to seeing that, so if we didn't have them then they might think it's Hmm. Okay, yeah. I suppose with nine you've got the the like the last one which makes the tenth means you uh it's like uh multiples you can put them together so you can make any number. So with that we'd kind of by-pass any problems with Yeah. Yeah. 'Cause that facilitates having all the numbers you could ever need. Um. So we could get it down to what? So we get to How many buttons have we got? We've just got ten, eleven twelve th We got fourteen that we need. I guess. Um which isn't really too many. That'll be quite easy to make a user guide for a fourteen button remote. 'Kay. 'Kay. Ah yes yes, that seems good. I think if you just give it a second to maybe catch up. I'm sure we'll have by the end of today. Mm. No what I maybe think is um it seems the technology would be quite advanced for that and they might end up costing more than our twelve fifty budget for for the speech recognition. Um. And possibly the thing about the about the remote being lost we could have You know with your mobile phone, you lose that and you can ring it. Maybe we can have some kind of sensor which is kept somewhere where you can some kind of buzzer system between the two. So you can press a button which is always kept in one place and then it maybe buzzes to somewhere else, wherever the remote actually is. That is true, yes. Hmm. So I guess it'd be something we could like attach to the or like the same technology could be put inside the inside the remote. Yeah. Yeah if we if we could have it in the actual remote like everything in one one device. you could have an option to turn it off. Or Perhaps, um. So that would solve the problems with the T_V_ kind of speaking to the remote and changing its own channels. Mm. 'Kay. Yes. Has to be simple enough to I suppose if we could get something in which was quite quick and simple that would give us an advantage over the other remotes. Um. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yes. Um. Yes that seems right. Mm-hmm. Okay. Maybe we should concentrate just on the whistle back function at the moment, and if something comes back I'd go more Yeah, f more for clap. Did we decide on having the ten um the ten numbers and then the the little digit next to it which kind of enabled you to put them together. Okay, ten numbers and then some kind of device to allow uh I'll put delay to allow um multiple numbers. Or multiple digits. Did we decide anything about um the other functions? As in setting the audio and tuning it and stuff like that? You had an had an idea about the menu? But just thinking um people probably I mean you don't have you only have to probably tune in the T_V_ once, but you have to be able to tune it that once. So and if finally the T_V_ breaks, you get a new one, you're gonna have to be able to tune it. You can't really avoid that. Except the new digital markets which do it by themselves. So that'll be in Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So how would this menu function work? Would you maybe have like one menu button, then you'd use the other buttons, maybe the number buttons to actually do the separate functions. Okay. we're gonna have the the individual numbers and then a menu function and maybe sort of a slightly more advanced um instruction booklet to come with it, to guide Presu uh I think it'd be quite hard just for people to grasp um just off like the menu use different buttons you maybe have to have like some better instructions of how that would actually work. Right, okay um. that also goes back to the original design when we saw those two, and there was the one on the left hand side which had all like the double functions and stuff which kind of looked too busy and had too much on it, so. That is that is a good idea actually. Sor sort of a second. Okay. Uh not quite, but I guess. Keep the other buttons but hide them away. So So um we're gonna have to have to work out what's gonna be on these other functions as as well. So we're gonna have like two separate two separate lists, I guess. So sh Should we decide in the next couple of minutes, and then So on the about the number. Um the volume up and down. Shall we have a mute button as well? A mute button as well. Yeah. Or But then they might not buy it if they haven't got one. 'Cause people might just be too fickle and not want to change. We can send out a flier with the device saying that you shouldn't leave it on stand-by. I think you probably should. Um are we gonna have the channel up and down as well as the number buttons? Okay, so we'll have um So we've got ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen there? Is there anything else? Um. Maybe if we're gonna run out of time, one of us should come up with a list of these and then get back at the next meeting just at the start and say what they're gonna be. So tuner up and down, I guess. Um up Tune one way, tune the o I I dunno I dunno possibly. Oh yeah and th and a enter button just to select. Yeah, okay. Um I guess we're keeping s it simple. We don't really need any other audio funct uh functions because it's just volume up, volume down. Um. Do they have their own do they have their own controls on their actual products, then, or do you have to do it via the remote? Yeah I suppose if we've got their if they've got their own controls then we can avoid it for ours just to keep it simple. Oh, okay. Right. Um. Maybe unless something comes up then we should I think Well shall we look into that and just get back together. 'Kay.
";"The Project Manager gave the group new requirements on product features. The Industrial Designer gave a presentation on the working design of the device. He presented all the necessary internal components and how they operate together. He gave his preferences on energy sources and senders. The User Interface Designer presented the necessary functions of the remote, then compared the interfaces of two existing remotes. The group discussed making their remote more user-friendly; they proposed eliminating rarely-used buttons and making it easier to skip through channels. The Marketing Expert discussed user requirements with the group and showed that users wanted a fancier, less complicated remote that would not be easily lost. He suggested incorporating a menu and an LCD screen to satisfy these requirements. The group discussed how to incorporate a locator function. The Project Manager reminded the group to limit the number of complicated features due to the project's time constraints. The group had a discussion to decide on product features. They decided to include a clapping locator function and a device that allows the user to enter two numbers separately to get a two-digit number. Complicated functions will be hidden in a back panel. "
"Thanks. Yeah, that's probably a better one, to discuss it straight away. Um I have a lot of the information there. It might not be very clear. Unless you want to plug it back in to yours. I think the scroll wheel um Yeah, and if we're going for sleek and sexy, I think a scroll wheel is maybe a bit kinda bulky? I I've got um pictures well I've seen pictures with it kind of sticking off the side of it, and they don't really look great. Yeah, a simple pushbuttons. Hmm. But But the way that I interpret that um it doesn't seem to send out a signal to the telly, it just it's like a parrot just rep reply replying to your message. So I don't think it would effect our circuit board. Yeah. And I don't think you could really perform any of the remote functions with it. 'Cause the example that they've given there is good morning coffee machine, good morning Jo. It might be useful to say like where are you remote. Here I am, Jo. But I think that's maybe as far as that one could go? Yeah, just as a fun way to find it. And it says that I think it said the cost of that isn't too much. Um I think it would be helpful to find it, but I don't think it'd um Yeah, I think so. Mm-hmm. I think I'll just just check what it said. Actually I don't think it really says anything about the cost, but it says that it's already in the coffee machines, so like it's already kind of Um. Oh, that was quick. Um okay, so very brief presentation, um. From looking at the remotes that are out there at the minute, none of them are particularly um sleek and sexy. Um I haven't actually got the examples of the scroll button there, um but there's some curved cases that you can see, uh a range of sizes uh. All of them have a lot of buttons there um they seem to just have the rubber buttons. Does that move it? It just seems to be skipping on without us doing anything. Ah it's alright. Um. There wasn't much more to say about that, just rambling. Um some of the uh remotes that I looked at, one of the models da did actually have voice recognition where you could um where it was connected to the remote control functions. And uh it was quite uh a swish model, where it can control uh four devices, T_V_, cable, satellite, video, D_V_D_, audio. Um so that's a bit of competition there. So I mean maybe it's better not to try and compete with that sort of thing and just to market it as a completely different um like different viewpoint as a kind of finding your lost control rather than trying to compete with the functions. Um the scroll buttons, as you've already mentioned, um there's examples of those, but they don't look as sleek as other models. And there's no real advantage and because it impacts on other on the materials and the price it's not great. Um Yeah. Th there was a specialist type of remote that we could think about, um. There was children's remote, where um they just had a very limited range of buttons and they were b uh bright and colourful and um you you could program them so that they could only look at certain channels. Um but I don't know if that's really in our field? But that's something that's out there. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Right well that's something that we can be aware of. Um. I think because there's already um very good voice recognition technology out there, and because ours might not cover the same functions that the leading brands do, it might be a good idea to market it as a um finder function. Yeah. Oh yeah. Different languages might not be compatible. Hmm. Yeah, 'cause I think you program um this one yourself, like to say like whatever you want to your question. Hmm. Maybe unless something else comes up. Um yeah I think um I think we've decided that it's gonna increase the cost and give no real kinda extra benefit and it's gonna decrease from the sleekness of it. Hmm um and just to be aware that there are kind of specialist functions and specialist remotes but we probably don't want to focus on those like such as the children's remote. Yeah. Um there was a mention just as kind of a warning about button design. Um just to avoid ambiguity. So it gave the example of say your volume buttons for up and down, they might both have a V_ on for volume, Um let's think how they did this. I'm just gonna check so I do this right. Um. What did they say? Um I think the thing was that if you decide to do this, to have triangular buttons, um somebody might look at this one and say oh well this triangular button is pointing up, and that's the first thing that they see Actually that can't be right, can it? Oh well, no, they might see yeah, they might see this pointing down and think right that's gonna turn the volume down, whereas the actual button's pointing up, so the function is to turn the button up. So, be careful what you put on the buttons and be careful of the shape that you make them, because they might be kind of two um contradicting kind of shapes. Yeah. Um and I think that's all I had to say for that. Um so what was the decision on the um design of the volume button? Oh okay. I think if you start making the buttons fruit shaped, it might make it more complicated to use. Yeah. Maybe just one button, say the standby button is quite kinda separate from all the other functions. Maybe that could be a little apple. And then that wouldn't get in the way of like kinda one to nine, and it wouldn't confuse the numbers. Hmm. S But I suppose as long as it's quite a subtle design, um even if the design kind of changes, It seems like you're gonna have rubber cases, as well as buttons. And that you can make them curved or double-curved and that would be the kind of sleek and sexy look. Oh right, that fits, doesn't it? Right. And that would fit in with what we want, wouldn't it, for the spongy feel, to have everything rubber. Hmm. Yeah and then you could have Oh but you still would have to have the logo on every new case, but you could have like pink cases for girls and red ones and things like that. Hmm. But we are supposed to use the um company colour scheme, aren't we? We haven't really seen that yet It might and we might be able to do both but it might clash with certain things. Hmm. Well if it's for young people, um like the phone generation, that sort of thing'd probably go down well, and the market research has been on that side of things, hasn't it? Okay, so if we just went for one colour of a rubber case Did we decide on the rubber case? The spongy feel, or did we think that that might go as a trend? Uh we haven't really talked about uh the curvature of the case. There's flat, there's single-curved and there's double-curved. I'm not exactly sure what these things look like. Well it says that I'm not exactly sure. Um I'll show you the remotes that I've got. See how uh Let's just get that bigger. See how uh the one Oh I'm not plugged in, am I? That doesn't help. Shall I just turn it round for time? Hmm. Um it's not very clear up there, but you can see some of them have got kind of bulges, like the second one and the end one uh where there's a curve there. I'm not exactl I don't know if a double curve is maybe it comes up slightly, or? But um it is a kinda sleeker look if you've got curves in there. Definitely a single, maybe a double. Shall we go for single curve, just to compromise? Yeah. And the rubber push buttons, rubber case. Um and we don't really know much about the colour scheme or logo yet do we, but possibly a sticker. Yeah. Yeah and and the voice recognition, we can use that can't we, just to find it. Without affecting the circuit board. Yeah that sounds like it wouldn't do too much harm in a couple of years. Uh what sort of shape do we want? Yeah, so it's not too wacky. Um I think an apple would be a good recognisable shape. If you start getting into kinda aubergines and things, it gets a bit weird. Vote? Shall we vote on it? Anyone got any suggestions? Right. Okay. Ah. Well it could be red. Yeah 'cause we wanna incorporate a bit of colour if we can, once we find out um Yeah. Yeah that seems pretty straight forward. 'Cause most of them will just be kind of mainly circular or like very plain. Uh just to keep the shape of the buttons simple. Ah just the uh shape of the buttons. Yeah.
Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So are we going for the w are we going for the simple one, are we? Okay. Yeah. Mm. I suppose we need we need to find out what circuit board that requires, maybe before we m make a decision. Oh yeah, I suppose so, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Just Just just for the call and find thing. 'Cause it's s it's separate isn't it, it's not part of the Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah and ours is quite a cheap device, so I don't know how much we'll be able to put into it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. I've I've got some things to say about possible design things from trend watching. Cool. Right, um I've been looking at some trends in in sort of basically fashion on top of doing the um research into the remote control market the the one that's the one I talked about last time, that we'd sort of asked people about remote controls and what what was good about them, what was bad, what they used. And we've also been looking at sort of fa sort of fashions and what people are wanting out of consumer goods at the moment. So we've had people in Paris and Milan watching the uh fashion trends. So So just to summarise the most important things which came out of the remote control market investigation. The most important thing was that the thing sort of look and felt fancy rather than just functional. And second, there should be some technological innovation. And then third and l less important than the other two, there should be an ease of use as well. And apparently, the fashion trends are that people want sort of clothes and shoes and things with a fruit and vegetables theme. Um but um the feel of the material should be spongy, which is contrary to last year, apparently. I presume it must have been not not spongy last year. So we need to emphasise the fancy design with on on our remote control above all else. And then also try and add in technological informat innovation which could be our sort of find the thing with a hand clap. And then we need to ma sort of make it easy to use that's as a third priority, so perhaps um fewer fewer buttons and functions as we've as we've discussed. And then maybe find a way to incorporate these trends so that we sort of capture people's imaginations. So maybe we could make the buttons shaped like fruit and veg, or the the buttons could be spongy, uh somehow. Maybe we could make them out of rubber rather than sort of hard plastic. And then sort of even wackier than that, we could maybe have a fruit or vegetable shaped remote, say in the shape of a banana or something like that. Right, so that'll be it. Maybe a banana or courgette or something. How how far we actually want to go along and sort of follow the trends, do we think the trends are particularly important for this type of gadget, or or you know, do they not matter that much? Yeah. Maybe yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not Yeah. I'm not I'm not sure what what what the sort of timescale we're thinking of selling the product over is. I don't know. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's possibly it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's people say that it's the look, they want the fancy looking thing but I'm Yeah. I'm not convinced on whether having changeable covers would be something that people would buy into. I think with the mobiles, it's the, you know it's a communication device, people see you with it all about and i if it Yeah. I think Mm-hmm. Well, it was different last year. The trend was different last year apparently. It was not not spongy feel. But I don't know whether the trend will change. I don't know whether it's one of those things that like sort of having all fruit shaped keys, that that probably would go out of fashion very quickly, whereas just the fact that it was a rubber case is probably less less of something that y you're gonna end up hating in a year, you know. Yeah. Mm. Okay. When you say d when you say double-curved, what what exactly does that mean? Okay. No you're not connected to me anymore. That should come up. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. That's what I was trying to work out. Shall we Yeah. Okay. Yeah I think that think that's a good idea. Rubber Rubber buttons and case. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Okay. And then are we going for sort of one button shaped like a fruit. Or veg. Don't know, maybe just Yeah. That's ru rubber buttons, yeah. Yeah. Reasonably spongy I guess, yeah. Yeah okay. Yeah. Apple? Yeah. Yeah. Apple apple a a qu Quite a big one, as well. A big apple. Uh Could be a red apple, yeah. Either, don't mind. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Looks like it.
I think we all have a presentation again, so if we go through those and then um. Shall I go first again? I see this a little more smoothly than the last one. Okay right, let's get started. Um basically the uh for the Um I'll back actually. For the components design, um next step is basically the the way the remote's gonna work is still the same idea as before. We still have the user interface which is all the buttons we're gonna incorporate. Then there is a chip and still the sender. So um yes including the power s supply as well. Um I'll go on to my findings in each of these areas. Uh first in the power supply, we have the option of just the standard battery, um. There's a dynamo. Any of you think of kind of like the the old torches which you wind up um. There's a kinetic option, which if any of you've seen those new watches which you kind of you power up by waving around, um it just requires a small amount of movement which would mean the batteries wouldn't have to be replaced. Um that's one option, but I think that was gonna cost a little more. And then there's solar cells. Um as a final option. For the buttons, we have um an integrated push button, which is Oh just to say all all these are um supplied by Real Reaction. So I guess for the ease of for quickness and ease we should take them from at least like one of these options. Um so for the buttons there's an integrated push button, which I guess is just the same as the standard ones. This says it's uh similar to uh the button on the mouse for a normal for like uh like modern computer. Um there's a scroll wheel which is you know the new mouse has just got like the centre section which you can scroll up and down, which may be for the volume. You could do do that. Um one issue for the buttons is, depending on which material we use, if we use rubber buttons then it requires a rubber case, so we have to take that into consideration. Um moving on to the printed s Um that's on the next I th I think the there wasn't too much difference in the cost, that that related to the actual buttons, but it does affect the printed circuit board. Um which is the next section. Basically for the circuit board which is the middle, it's just see it down there the chips like the like the workings of the actual um of the remote. The firm supplies a simple, a regular and an advanced um circuit board. And there's different prices according to each. So if we've got the scroll wheel for one of the buttons, that would require a slightly more advanced circuit board than if we just had a standard um push button. Um one final thing we came up with was some information on the speech recognition. There's a small unit available through the company um which obviously would be an extra cost, but it wouldn't affect the size of the remote too much. Um and I guess that would require a more advanced circuit board, so there is an extra price in that sense. There is th sorry an extra cost in that sense. Um going to my personal preferences, um I thought possibly for power we could use kinetic um which is the idea of the watches um that you move you move the remote around to power it up. And this would avoid batteries running out, having to replace batteries and such like. Um for the buttons, I thought we'd probably get away with just having the standard um push buttons rather than the scroll wheel. Um and for the circuit board, again depends on which features we want in the actual in the remote. So if we wanted the scroll wheel and wanted the voice recognition, um then we'd have to get a a more costly circuit board. And that's it. Um i it kind of depends um if we're gonna have the speech recognition, we'd have to probably get an advanced one. I'm guessing. Uh but I don't know, so that is something I'll have to look into. Um that's a that's a decision for all of us. Um. Yeah yeah. We decide. Yeah. Um. Maybe w Um. Yes. Is there Um. We could do, yeah. Um yeah we should. As I say it only specified that we need a more advanced circuit board for the scroll wheel, it didn't The voice recognition came as a separate piece of information. Um. Yeah if if you down um. It's just this bit at the bottom which I've highlighted, but the scroll wheel requires a mini m minimally a regular chip, which is in the higher price range. Also the display's for something else which we decided against. Um but that bit And note that the push button just requires a simple chip, so that would keep the price down. 'Kay. So maybe just a simple push button, and that would cut costs on the Did everyone get this on the speech recognition? The um it was basically what we said before, the idea that you record in a set message, and then it picks up that message um and replies to you. So it is basically the concept we discussed before. Um but then we don't know for sure whether it would require a more complicated circuit board. I'm guessing it would, but got like the definite information. Maybe we should go on what we're certain of rather than Um if it's just the push button then it just needs the simple circuit board. So maybe that would be something separate, yeah. Okay, so we'd have a simple circuit board and that would be an extra that would be in addition to it. Oh that makes sense. Okay. Yeah that makes sense, so we'd stick with the simple circuit board and then think of the speech recognition as an extra an extra possibility. Okay. Um. Um yeah I I thought so just for just for ease of not having to replace the batteries. Um. It's um I think it works on the basis they have some kind of ball bearings inside. It's um it's some on watches which you you kind of you shake to power it up. Somehow the mechanism inside powers up through movement. So you'd you'd move the remote around a little bit and then that powers it up to use it. Uh yeah I think did we decide it didn't affect the circuit board, it just affected It was just Oh no th that's what that's what I thought, but maybe maybe it doesn't. Um I think I might have got that wrong. It's it's just an addition thing it's um yeah. 'Kay. 'Kay shall I pass on to you now? I assume it would cost extra, but Maybe we maybe we'll find out how much that does cost and have to decide slightly later. If you right click and then go onto a previous slide. Okay, right. Yeah, yeah. On the price, yeah. 'Kay. I guess I guess we're going for the biggest market, maybe not, but Was it was it specified that we went for the biggest? So maybe the children's remote should be like a a next step, but maybe I dunno for ours, maybe we should Yeah. So you also said for going for the international market um that some some maybe older people might not like the speech recognition. S s so um Yeah, yeah. It w it would make it quite complicated, where um ours at least keeps it fairly simple and then the Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes yes. So maybe we could have like Yeah. Yeah I I know what you mean. So maybe we could have volume written on the side and then up and down on the on the buttons themselves. Possible. Mm. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah we got it down to not too many. Um Are we are we gonna go through the design of all the buttons at the moment, or are we gonna t Yeah, maybe we should see yours first. 'Kay. Well I dunno I I guess maybe fruit and vegetables may be popular at the moment, but as we know how fickle the fashion markets are, maybe I mean it just seems realistic that the remote control market isn't the kind of thing which takes in those kinds of fashion trends. to something which is maybe more universal. We c maybe can imply a fruit shape possibly. Maybe the spongy feel is something we could think about, um. Maybe still with a rubber design we could Um. Oh yeah yeah one of the things were if you had rubber buttons then you had to have a rubber case. Um oh no no no sorry it's if you use the uh rubber double curved case then you must use rubber buttons. That's the way round. If you have the rubber case then you have to have the rubber buttons to go with it. Which makes sense. Um. Yeah. I suppose we maybe are limited in the fact that we still have to put the logo on the actual would or not. Yeah. Yes yes. Maybe we could think of the the cases like changing with the fashions like the Nokia phones where you could take the casing off the outside. But whether that would be too much to incorporate in production, whether that would just increase the costs, make it more complicated. Yeah the a the actual the sort of the look from the outside, so where the buttons would stay the same, and the general function of the remote would stay the same, but you could change the the way it looked. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. So it is a possibility, um. Oh okay yes that is Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And whether we'd have a big enough market to have this kind of like secondary market of selling the cases might be something to consider. Yeah. Yeah I suppose, where you you keep the remote hidden under the sofa most of the time. Yeah, less likely to So then th th that would Yeah. it seems to make sense that we we'd just maybe stick with the standard rubber case, and then have the standard rubber buttons as well. Um. Um. Mayb Maybe curves give it like the slightly more aesthetic feel? But the double curve wouldn't require us to perform miracles with the Plasticine. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. So shall we go through quickly and just work out what we've decide on, if we have to kind of 'Kay, so shall we quickly We'll go for single curve, yeah. Single curve. So did we did we decide on the kinetic power supply? The one you move around? Okay. Um Oh we ca Yeah yeah, we'll still have the Are we gonna go for the simple circuit board just to keep the cost down? I th I think we can by by not having anything too complicated. Um. Um. And see we could always decide against it if something comes up that's just something to that we seemed to leave out. Yeah, it was just 'Kay. We will go for the a a a apples apples. Okay. And then we're gonna are you gonna work on keeping the button design quite simple? Just like the Just working out what we're gonna do for the next time. Um. Yeah. 'Kay. And j yeah, just keeping the sort of the labelling them labelling of them fairly simple as well. Fairly sort of self explanatory. Okay. Is that the end? Okay.
Okay. Right. Conceptual design meeting. Right. Okay, so Right well um from the last meeting I was trying to send you the minutes, but uh it didn't work out too well, so maybe in sort of um quick summary of the last uh meeting, I can quickly give you what we what we had. Uh right, so Wishing I hadn't closed the damn Right so we had the fact that we're gonna have the the logo uh the company logo in its uh colour scheme incorporated onto the the device the remote device. We had uh made our decisions about uh made our decisions about uh the device itself, that it was gonna be simple to make it uh enable us to complete the project in time. We're gonna have uh effectively two pages, a front page which had the uh features that the uh the customers most wanted, and then the uh the backup features on the second page so that it could uh meet the technical requirements. And the customers wouldn't have to look at them too often, only as and when required. So. So basically what decisions uh have we uh made? Uh have there been any uh changes? Right. Three presentation, yeah. So Yeah, fine. Okay. Mm-hmm. What would be the cost do do we know? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. with the printed circuit boards you were going for the Mm-hmm. But are we going f R right. So are we able to make that decision now in a sense that this is the point at which we're discussing that issue, so would it not be best to rather than I mean one way is to do each of the presentations and then make decisions going back to the various presentations as they were. The other way would be to do the presentation and then make the decision at that point in time. 'Cause at that point then you've got the details up there, so if we wanted to know for instance that the scroll wheel required the regular and what required advance. Then if we were able to see that down then we could make the decision at that point in time and then that would be the end of that issue. Does that make sense? Mm-hmm. No the scroll wheel required the regular, so the Hmm. Okay. The display requires an advanced chip the display requires an advanced chip which in turn is more expense. Okay. Down. Right. Okay. So. So we're going for p Okay. So is um Simple push button. Mm-hmm. So if we go for the simple push button, so effectively we're going for the simple printed circuit board are we? Or are we going for the regular? Mm-mm. But is there any other I mean okay, that's true for the for for that element, but we have to take all el elements into consideration. And so if there is one element that requires the more expensive one, or say the regular one, or the more advanced, then that would have to be the same for all of them. S Right. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-mm. Okay. Simple circuit board. Simple push button. Okay. W w kinetic. You were you were wanting to go for the kinetic power supply. Mm-hmm. And how does it get uh charged up? Okay. Okay. So the speech recognition was Are we going for speech recognition? No? 'Cause that required the advanced I had speech recognition requires advanced req require Oh. So okay. Speech recognition you reckon then is s simple. And so we would want it in as an extra because it doesn't appear to cost too much. Would that be In fact, it wouldn't really cost anymore, would it? And then have to change all change everything at the last minute. Okay. S Sorry? Yeah, I've found that try and get it back. So you were saying the scroll buttons Mm-hmm. Well we're to go for the international market rather than a local market but that that wouldn't necessarily preclude The one thing that you can often do with products is you can uh make small modifications. So you have your basic model which you would sell at whatever, and then you could have additional features in you know like a You'd have model one, model two and model three, and therefore you can sub-divide your market up. But that's really where your field is. Anyway you could add on for an extra package, but on this basic one I'm reckoning that we're going for the basic model to be discussed here and that uh you would have for future reference the possibility of adding in extra features at extra cost to take care of specialist market segments. Is that So so what are we deciding to do here? Right. Mm-hmm. Uh the fi Yeah, the finder function rather than as a speech function to find your remote. Okay. Hmm. So you'd have a finder feature rather than a voice recognition feature. And you were talking Mm. And you were talking about scroll buttons? Okay. b Alright, so we're just gonna have the the rubber buttons, was that right? Okay. So not to be focused on. Good in in Flip it round in ninety degree a hundred and eighty degrees and have it up and down. An upside-down V_. So that would show that volume was going up, whereas the one underneath would see the volume going down. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You could have volume up and volume Volume up, down and Like that. And 'cause the idea was to have limited um it was to have sizable amount of information on it. Limited number of buttons. 'Cause it was sixteen buttons, wasn't it that were Okay. You know yourself. Well you were just talking about you've got to be careful how you shape your buttons, 'cause you're can mis-direct people. And I would've thought the functionality 'cause the people get cheesed off by things by having to read instructions et cetera, so. ... Okay. Now? Yeah. Stand-by button. No th that that incorporates the trend whilst at the same time not confusing people, if you're looking for functionality. But what are they gonna be next Yeah. What are they gonna be next year. But but th but okay but you you can incorporate the tr If y if you change all the buttons then you've got the problem that this year's fruit and veg, next year's uh I was gonna say animals or elephants or w whatever. That means you're constantly changing your production schedule, and you've gotta make different moulds and everything else, so that's not a good idea I would I would suggest. Well Ah d d But if Mm-hmm. Well. Yep. Was that in the sort of fashion sense that this Or was the spongy feel was that uh sort of fashion? It was, wasn't it? So the Mm-hmm. Rubber buttons require rubber case. Uh so, yeah. The m the main problem is how f how frequently do the fashions change? 'Cause in essence in the production you want things to stay you want to basically mint them out 'cause if you've got fashion changes and that you're incorporating, then it means that your stock is um is last year's stock and therefore you're selling it or having to sell it at a discounted rate which you wouldn't want to do. Whereas if you kept the product the same but you could have a difference from year to year, uh it seems to me that you could incorporate a fashion statement if you like, rather than changing the whole kit and caboodle. You're just changing one aspect like like the standby button or something like that, and especially 'cause then you could make it something that Well, you might be limited in space, that yes. Well you two are obviously gonna find that out fairly quickly when you move over to your kit modelling stage as to uh how much pl how much how much how pliable is Plasticine. Hmm. So you're talking there about uh changing changing the casing. Yeah you you could do a colour change, so therefore you would yeah yeah I mean that's effectively what they did with the with the mobile phones, was to have some in blue, some in red, some in rather than all in black or, you know, which four do you want, as long as it's black? But uh so Yes oh that's true uh that might no Well not necessarily, because you could have your company uh We're we're meant to be finishing up. You could have your company badge and logo. I mean a lot of um computers for instance like like on the one you've got there, it actually has a sort of um stick on badge so what you would al all you would really need, whether it, you know, whether the casing be w any colour, could be any colour, but that badge would then have to stick out on top of it so that uh in a sense, with a with a logo like that, because it's on a white background, the only colour that it might not stick out so well on would be a white casing. 'Cause you you know you're sort of you're badging it. And in fact a lot of companies get somebody else to make them and literally just badge them themselves with their own uh badge over the top. And in fact the way they've got that there even if you had that on a white, which is the predominant colour of the uh the Windows badge, you'd still be able to see it clearly from you know a white casing uh product. So. It's uh in in the house, isn't it, I suppose. So don't change case. Change case colour. And we're sort of saying no to that. Yeah. Sounds reasonable. If you're going for fashion trends like that they'll need t you'd have to have interchangeable cases so that you could or 'cause otherwise someone's gonna have to buy a complete new remote rather than just a case. Okay. One one thing to cons one thing to consider is that in some ways you want um by having a fairly standard case it means they can all fit together on top of each other therefore for storage purposes in shops and the like and it makes it easier that you can if you can store them up on top of each other. Whereas if you do um fancy things with it, you then gotta put it in a ca a a packaging box that that does that. And the cost of packaging could be quite important vis-a-vis the total cost of the product. So but No. Mm yep. Oh right. S so do you wanna go for curves, more curves? We're meant to be f we're meant to be finishing this meeting in about a minute or so. Okay, curved or double curved? So it's single curved. Yep. Yes. Yep. So we've got spongy feel buttons as well, have we? As well as or w or was that So it's rubber buttons, so it's not really spongy feel buttons, it's just rubber buttons. With a rubber case right? And the standby button is gonna be different. Okay so what what shape are we making the standby button? A apple. Oh oh Sorry? A red apple? Is it? Sorry what was that last thing again there? Right much option on that. I thought you were going for a single curve and Alright. Right, so shape of buttons simple. Okay. So that's that, I guess. We should now go away and get these things sorted out. I guess you two are on plasticine duty or whatever. Okay, so um. Okay.
";"The Project Manager reviewed the minutes from the last meeting. The Industrial Designer discussed options for each of the internal components. He showed that the size of the chip was dependent on the type and number of additional features used. The group discussed incorporating speech recognition and other functions to be able to decide on chip size. They decided that using speech recognition for the locator function only would allow them to use a simple chip. The User Interface Designer presented several existing products. She presented a specialized children's remote; the group decided to focus on a basic remote that would appeal to a wide market. She expressed that buttons are often ambiguously shaped and that their remote must have an easy-to-use interface. The Marketing Expert presented trends in the remote control market and the fruit and vegetable and spongy material trends in fashion. The group discussed ways to incorporate these trends. They decided to make the standby button shaped like an apple, to use a rubber case and buttons, and to use a single-curved shape. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to construct the prototype. "
"So is Why not save that. Do you want to replace existing file, no. I actually tried to transfer it to My Documents, but spreadsheet. Yeah, but I've ta uh right, I'll just re-do it. That's the easiest way. Right. R right. Um, all these things have cost implications. And so when I done my thing on cost a I had assumed that the only uh button that would be a different colour would be the uh the red apple button. So However, I've now. But um, yeah so uh but there would be a cost implication on that, and uh as I suppose that so whether wanted to put in all these colours, would be uh open to debate, I suppose. An important consideration. Right, okay so um And the second one underneath would be the idea for the Right, okay. So we've got um detail design meeting. Right. So So, we've got prototype presentation, which we've just done, evaluation criteria, um and finance, so I guess w we have to evaluate if that meets the various uh aspects that we're looking for uh from um our previous meeting. So other than the fact that it doesn't have the second layer, but um obviously obviously it would. But other than that, we got the red apple. We got the buttons and the only thing that has really changed is the is the colouration of the buttons, and the bit after the evaluation criteria is uh is the finance. And the and the cost implication. The only snag about this is that uh the cost is probably kind of important. So um, and then the production evaluation, as to how easy that would be to uh to manufacture. Um, and whether it would uh Right, so uh as far as the the finance of it would be concern would be to make sure that the cost aye the production cost 'cause you may remember that was one of the first uh considerations was to be in d under um uh twelve fifty or two and a half uh twelve and a half Euros. So, there's no redesign. So that should uh Right, so, seems to me that the thing that I have to do is is quickly find that uh Right. Okay. Right.. Okay, so, by the fact that we've got uh the simple chip and the uh kinetic energy source, we've got a single curved case. We've got a rubber uh case materials supplements. So, we had decided that we're having rubber buttons and Okay. W the button supplements. Well, originally, I thought there would just be uh one in there because it was the one red apple. But So the so the real w the real question then would come in. Do you make all the buttons O Well, so we've got one special button form, which was the apple. Everything else is gonna be a standard. We've got special material, rubber, wood, titanium, et cetera and that, so, I was originally, I was thinking rubber wasn't special, but according to this, maybe it is. So And the r I mean effectively we've got sixteen buttons that we're gonna have on there. W I don't know is is is the sort of answer, is that meant to be all sixteen buttons, and therefore I mean, what's the op The option was maybe not to have rubber buttons, but just to have the one that was soft and spongy, and therefore Whereas it would be the special colour would be for the So you would only have the one special button that was rubber, whereas the rest would be hard plastic. Mm. I would Every design change is uh I dunno, um Okay, um, if we just had all the buttons as standard, except for the one red apple, then that would take care of that, I guess. We'd have one special colour and one special button form. And when I plugged that in last time remember it has to be under twelve and a half. As far as I know, that um that took care of the uh of the various supplements. And if What happened? Now, right. Okay, so, but the point would be that if we uh if we just did special Sorry, you were saying that it would be that one, that you would put in one there. Okay. So it Well, is it s is no, it's nine point seven I've got. Okay. So, that would that would work out fine if uh uh as assuming your correction are are assuming that that one change covers all the buttons, then that would be fine. And there's nothing else as far as I can see that we we had uh planned to put on. Uh-huh. Well, hold on. Um, if we Okay, that gives us twelve point seven But remember that the idea was to keep it the colour of the Oh, I see, so just take out the special colour for the apple and And go for battery instead. That would give you one less. But you reckon that i I mean the thing is that you wanted to a appeal to people and not have to replace batteries. Mm-hmm. But which do you think or which do we think is the more important of the options? In a sense, at the moment, we've got a total which we need to reduce down by one point two. At least. Remember that was a minimum requirement. The other option if we're planning on just going for something cheap and cheerful, would be to um make it originally, we're gonna make it a simple product. Mm-hmm. Makes sense.. Sorry, do you want that back up? Right. Okay, but remember the main the only reason we were planning on having the voice recognition was so that they could find the remote if it got lost. Go for one. Yep. Okay. Yeah, why not not, m m maybe nearer three. Two three. Well, it's just that uh saying something remember that when you look down, we've got solar power, we've got uh various other things you could have, and we're not going for these options. Mm-hmm. Okay. No. 'Cause you can't afford that w we took that out too. Didn't you? Or Well, wait a minute. In thirteen point seven we do have kinetic. The problem is we have to reduce down from there to get it down to twelve point five. And one way of doing that would be to take out the kinetic. So, it's very much dependant on what you do with your options. And if you're definitely going for the sample sensor and sample speaker, then because that the other functions we've got in are are more at the The special material, the rubber, wood, titanium, et cetera, if you go for that, th that's at the high end 'cause that's point six, whereas down at uh just special colours uh is point two. Now you're trying to lose one point two, so it seems to me that if you're going for the sample sensors speaker, you're basically then having to go for the cheaper options on everything else. And and the simple way to do it would be to have a battery, to have your uh sample sensor speaker, and then you're looking to uh take out uh point two, which would be come from the button supplements category. Um, interface type um, well plastic rather than rubber. That that that would make the significant difference. You could either you could have it If you have a in plastic rather than rubber, then that would uh enable you to get you could keep kinetic then, you could keep your sample sensor, and you'd be looking to take out point two. So you could uh fiddle that down your special form at the bottom, or your special colour at the bottom. And that would enable you to to do it. Yeah. Ye Well, okay, but It's rubber as it is, yes. We got we've we've got thirteen point seven and we've got it in at the moment and if and basically, we're going to reduce down from that. But the current one, you'd say would be fancy, would be too Mm-hmm. I would've said about a two as well. Oh. The next on Well, I can just sing about. Easy to use. I would've said yes. I would go for a one on that at this point in time. Um, incorporates elements of fashion to attract buyer. Well, yeah it certainly has some.. Yep. I don't know. Yep. Yeah, I woulda said two would seem reasonable. The product is a recognisable real r uh reaction product? Oh. S Okay. So we're going for a two, three? Sure. Right, okay. Two. Right, come on. That's that decided. Right. So So we're now on to changing it to get it to fit in with the budget requirements, and then About a two. Two. Yep. Two b two b two, yeah. Yes. Well, you can lose one point two and still meet the requirements. Okay, well I put it back on. Yes, I would've thought so. Okay, so what was it, control uh F_ eight, wasn't it? Oh. Oh. How kind. Right, okay. So, you can see there that the If you want to keep kinetic, right, you've got a choice there of going down to battery, which would save you one. You've got the sample sensor and and sample speaker, which is your big item. That's right. Which gets you Yes. Alright. Okay, so So we're going for plastic, yes? Yep. Well, uh w uh there was debate as to how you would count them. You got special colour. Well originally I was assuming we had the red apple, and therefore, that was the special colour. Well, we've got special form. Now that would be one button, and the question was was that all buttons or is that just one button. 'Cause our plan really was to have one button only with a special So so no matter how you look at that, that would be the same. The other thing would then be special material, rubber, wood, titanium. Alright. So, special colour, you want three in there. Okay. That makes sense. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I would agree with that, I think. So special colours, two. And we've got special form is the one apple. The rest are all standard, although you could argue that should maybe be You were making these buttons down the bottom, I was presuming, bigger than the other ones, or were you? Was that the idea? Uh-huh. I would have thought that's probably about r well. Right. Yep, that makes sense. Yep. I woulda said so. Yeah. So you'd maybe put fash fan uh fashion at three rather than two. Real Reaction produ I'm not quite sure, what does that mean? Yep I would s You mean of Well you could argue you might do it once a year, you would change, because at the moment you're making a red apple. So next year you could make next year's model the same, but have it as a a yeah whate whatever, a lemon. Yeah, l a lemon lemon or something. And that amount Yeah, we've the main thing we've changed really is the casing isn't it? We've Well, ease has certainly stayed. Yeah. And the speech feature. How it would play out, yeah. Oh. Well, but you've got the company logo on there, which would effectively be a stick-on badge. So you're in a sense, you're comparing the product without the company logo. And then y but you've got the space for it to stick it on. Don't think so. But but i but in the sense that, as you saw with um the Windows logo badge, it doesn't really matter. There's virtually n The way that you frame, you know, the Windows badge on there, it really doesn't matter what colour it is, so long as our company's logo is framed w in the same way as that with a like a black outline. Fact, they've got black and white or black and silver. So basically, even if you had a silver the same colour of silver on your display, because you've got effectively a double edging on the uh on the logo, it means that it splits off what your logo is from the from the product. And that's actually quite a sneaky way of doing it. You could put in another Well, in this one, you've actually got three colours of buttons. Well, we decided that the blue ones were the um the standard colour. So you were talking about uh um We're assuming that all the buttons on the second panel, the hidden away panel, would all be standard. Which m may or may not be the case. Well, yeah. Bu but but uh was the was there not a button that you were thinking of on the um on the other opt you know, on the second page, as it were, that uh you were thinking of maybe having as a different colour? Yeah, well Alright. Okay. So we just add that to profitability in effect. Right, so we're meant to finish up in five minutes. Mm-hmm. So we're okay this way around. Until the design team comes in and says, get off. But you are the design team. So what bit are we on to? Yeah. I th I th Oh. Right, okay. Oh drats, I've botched that, haven't I. Right, okay um What's happened here? Right, okay um Mm. Right, okay um, Right. So we got So we've done the the finance bit and the Excel project and the We've done the redesign. So we're now on to project process. Now satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means, et cetera, whiteboard, digital pens, et cetera. So, we're actually now uh, in a sense, on to the evaluation of the course rather than the evaluation of the project is m my understanding of it. So what did you and remembering that nobody's just over the curtain. So, um So I suppose the easiest way of doing it is to put some notes down, which I will do. So, uh I think I have to finish that page. Right, okay, so Project evaluation. So, um Creativity. Did you feel you got a chance to express yourselves well enough? Well um Individual meetings. How do you mean? In you on your own. Um Mm, The only thing you find is in a manufacturing process, you would normally, you go to a meeting, you decide, right, you do this, you do that, you do that. Then you go away. You find out information. You then come back. You then discuss it. You then go and change things around, and then go back. So Whereas, this time, you're really getting it from a database source, so it's not uh well uh Anyway, so, what do you want to put down? I've put, seemed okay. Creativity, seemed okay. Um um flow of information on on any given subject given subject um sometimes disjointed. Um Have could have used a different example pel to increase create Creativity. You have to do it within a set time frame is the other thing, so I th I uh d But the other thing is that uh they're I'm guessing that they're trying to use this um software to to demonstrate how you could uh do a project. I mean, m my wife at the moment, for instance, is uh acting as a computer um for um you normally, you got a problem, so you go to your tutor and find out information to see how to get it fixed. So what she's doing is she's having to spend a day at the computer terminal at one end so that any student that comes along can uh ask whatever question. And then you or the idea is that the whichever uh person's at the other end can point them in the right direction, show them where to either give them directly give them help, or secondly, point them in the right direction, either at the library, or uh or or come back, or go and see Joe Bloggs, or whatever. So uh, and that was a project I suspect similar to this, because they they were actually trying to debug the uh computer software to enable um to enable it to work. And of course, you had the machine crashing and various things going wrong. So Alright, so we've got uh New ideas found, did we find any, no. Alright. Leadership, teamwork. Does You've got voice recognition computers, that's not remote controls. Mm-hmm. Okay, so how do you reckon teamwork went? To uh go uh reasonably well. Okay. Bit bit arbitrary. Mm-hmm. So, we're m we're meant to comment on leadership and the means, E_ G_ whiteboard, digital pens, et cetera. And and new i new ideas found was the the other thing. Now, I'd much rather be in marketing but I certainly didn't get this uh computer to work as well as I would have liked. However, um Alright uh means, so whiteboard um so really, it's uh equipment. Oh. Right. New ideas found, so one or two. um and uh voice uh, was it voice activated um recognition. Right, so, uh are the costs within budget, yes. Is the project evaluated, yes. Uh, don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary. Then celebration. Yeah. Uh, so we don't re So really I tried to save this the last time at twelve point three, and it didn't seem to have saved anywhere. Mind you, the the figure last was was different, but it should be poss
We also have a apple slash cherry design at the top. Yeah, yeah, we might get a For the M_. They're thinking For the first time, well it was hard to get the h um the actual labelling on the individual buttons. Hum, you separate off in colour the volume related buttons from the channel related buttons, so you've got the volume in orange on design there, and the the channel is in blue. Yeah, sis Yes, we'll have the slide-away. Bottom. Mm-hmm. Yes, yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. This this is a yes, this is our presentation of the prototype. Mm-hmm. Could we get this on the board just so we can see or do you mean do you have the figures there? 'Kay, Alice. So, sh 'Kay this should be then. Mm-hmm. Have a push button interface. Um Um Yeah. And then we'd have So that's nine point one there so we've got some 'Kay. Just give us a bit of I switching around those th um on the electronics we got the sample sensor. At the moment we've just got the simple chip, which costs one. Um, I guess the sample sens sample speaker would be the voice recognition thing, which puts up to four? We should be slightly over our budget but if we gather something else down to slightly lower standard, and maybe go with the one the special form buttons, then we could have the speech So uh maybe if we got rid of like the maybe one of the special colours, kept them all the same colour, then we could have the voice recognition without Yeah, yeah. Um Oh possibly, yeah, yeah maybe. Maybe um we'd be giving up on the kinetic. Um We should Yeah, that would save us one, though we'd still be slightly ov Yeah, yeah. Well, since it's the through the whole technology type thing, um, you were saying in the market research that people like kind of interesting gadgets in them. Um, whether they would figure the the s uh sample senor and the sample speaker, voice recognition be sort of a worthwhile thing to have. And then still have the batteries, or whatever they would prefer not uh You know what I mean? The the problem was the battery's running out and losing the um losing the remote. So you gotta decide which of those is more important to them. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, well we have a single curve, which was maybe like the feel of the product's quite good. So uh Um, then we have the rubber kinda spongy feel, which was in at the time. Um, sorry that'd be considered fancy. So maybe maybe a two. Yeah. Um, deciding between the kinetic power or um the speech recognition, and if we had either of those for our budget, they both show a reasonable amount of speech recognition. Um But not the kinetic. Like the power. No, we c ca yeah, we can't afford both. No may is maybe about neutral plus it it it's got something, but it hasn't got Right. Okay. 'Kay. Okay. Um Mm-hmm. So it says if we make a slightly more fancy, then we lose points innovation, and if we make it more innovative innovative, then we lose points on it being fancy, so Yeah, yeah. Um It does, yeah. Yeah, m um Yeah, it was just doing it quite well. Um, I think we're gonna have to lose some of these, but the moment, as it stands, it's um Uh the sensor using all of its all of its products, all of its buttons, and it's got a fairly big label on the bottom saying where it comes from. Okay. Also it's kind of spongy rubberiness is maybe bit more kinda comfortable than kinda sleek and new age. Um, it depends which way you look at it. Maybe a kind of three? Uh d Yeah, so it's So should we get So are definite Was it thirteen point seven was the definite price rule if has. Okay, so we need to So I guess this Is this the last stage once we sort out the finances part of it? Yeah, yeah we'll make the adjustments and then see how are rates are going. Oh actually we just have a plastic case, then we lose two points, which gets us um In right within the budget range. So that's eleven point seven, and then we could make sure we definitely had all the button supplements. Possibly, yeah. Um And that would allow us to have all the technical innovations. So we'd lose a little bit on the maybe kind of Oh yeah, and that would now be Yeah, that's that's within the budget. Um Do we actually have Do we just have one special uh special forms down here? Um And we we've we've got we've got enough for another we've got nought point eight left, so we've got enough for another Yeah, um But the but but but the I think maybe the special colour, we've got three now just because the volume buttons are different, I guess we'd have the ones which are blue at the moment would would just be the standard colour. Yeah, which I think we should Yeah, they'll still be fine for the for the price. Okay, uh that's probably it. Ne uh Maybe that'll be a second supplement. Then there's a spe a second special form. Um Well you got you got twelve. So I think that should still be okay. Yeah, that's twelve point three, so we're still within budget on that. Um So decide we've lost a little bit on the fashion and lost a bit on the fancy kinda side of it, but generally speaking, we've kept the other attributes to the That's without Yeah. And specially it definitely could fits the the real product What was the what's the company name? R yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean it still seems definitely fit that p so that's like if that's the new age kind of um inno innovative c type company, then um having the kinetic feature and the voice recognition is p quite high up on Um Mm-hmm. Yeah so it's a Whatever fruit was in fashion next year. That yeah, that was uh that was just about all. I think we've saved quite a bit because we've just got the push-button interface, which is by far the cheapest. Um So maybe in a sense not having that, maybe we've lost some maybe lost something on the innovation side? I dunno. And that is like the most standard type of button. Yeah. And everything else has stayed pretty much the same, so Yeah, plus if anything that is special forms makes it slightly easier to to use. Um, well we've still got the kinetic energy. Um Yeah, the speech feature. I think we've cut just about the same. We've maybe lost Hasn't it It's hard to tell how the rubber the rubber casing would really affect Um But I think more the the features of the actual control will be more important than maybe than the the actual aesthetics, but But either way, I think we've made it fairly close to what just the the company logo. So maybe there's like a set design which we get printed off. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I'm still not quite sure we've established that. Yeah. Um Yeah, maybe we've m Maybe for the the one they're gonna see all the time, we make it look good, and um, fit the kind of idea of what they want. And then for the more functional buttons, we don't worry too much about that and just have that as like a plus it's hidden away anyway, you're not gonna see it at the start. Yeah. 'Kay. Uh,. That's good. Definitely lemon shaped. You had to have rubber buttons if you had the rubber case. So I think we can we're okay. Then we say it's fine, so it's all good. Just in case we need that point two for lawsuits and such like. And we seem to have least something in each criteria. We haven't completely left anything out, so As an overall product which has to be quite cheap, we've just about achieved everything. We've got the closing. We should just go through this quickly and then Um, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose and then be going out and finding more information each time and then diff things will be relevant. Is this go It kinda kis fits the purpose that it was something everyone knows about and then something we can at least look at and think how we can improve on. one of those things. Like uh, companies can have like a range of products and I don't know how it works but I guess that something got sent out and have like a brief to kind of Yeah. Well, sh we look at the last slide, see if it's got anything else. I think there's one one more to go. It was quite good with this um the white board, having that and the digital pens. Like, that's something that made it a little easier. voice recognition, especially not could Yeah. Yeah, so it's just like the same products, but just put together in a different way. Um Yeah, I guess we all had separate ideas and then discussed them. So it's not just for us, it's for the experiment as a whole, so Should we quickly look at the last slide? Sh. Is that everything?
Well we've made our prototype anyway. We can have a good look at that. Mm-hmm. Y no, it's a slightly curved around the sides. Um, it's almost curved like up to the main display as well. And the little line at the bottom indicates the bit the panel that you pull down. And the extra function buttons are below that panel on the little line. And we've got the stick on the button with the company logo on. Yeah, it's a bit more fun, isn't it? And it's kinda not really at a kind of you think apple, you think computers, like Apple Mac. Yeah, and cherries are fun, summery. Ah, that's the mute. It it'd probably have to be labelled mute. But um, we didn't have anything small enough to write. Yeah. Uh, we just chose simple shapes for all them. Um, the important ones are the volume ones. So we made them a bit bigger. The mute could possibly be a bit smaller. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and we chose a V_ plus and V_ minus. Well the colours wouldn't like that's they wouldn't be too important, but we didn't have any white Play-Doh. So that's where the colour buttons came from. Uh, that's it. Maybe if you just minimise that one in the top right-hand corner of the little box. Yeah. S Um,. D wouldn't you have to keep the simple chip there as well? You know how you turn that one to a zero, wouldn't the chip and the sample speaker be separate things, so you need both of them? I think the voice recognition. But I do think uh the v uh voice recognition thing would be more impressive than the fact that it's got no battery. Yeah, I'd maybe give it a a two. One's true. And a four is neutral. Yeah, 'cause we haven't got the double curve, so we can't like say it's completely true. But it's pretty close. We've got almost everything we can. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose that might be in the technical innovation bit. Maybe a three. I would give it more than a four. How much of a difference would it make if we made the case in plastic? Because we did say that we don't wanna follow the fashion too much. If the buttons are rubber that might be spongy enough. And then it stand the test of time better. Mm-hmm. Well, I suppose it's rubber as it is, isn't it. Yeah. Yeah, two or three. I'd be happy with a two. Yeah. Yeah, I would say so as well. Yeah, it's got the cherry and the sponginess. Maybe two? Yeah, that's a bit rough at the minute. Uh, well it's got the same um speech feature as the coffee machine. Yeah, two or three. Well, the logo would be more um recognisable on the actual thing. It's just that the pen wouldn't really write on that paper. But um, I think the logo would definitely be recognisable. And it does have attributes that other products do. Two? Aye. Go for it. What does what do all them numbers mean then? Do we add them up and rate or anything? we'll probably have to re-rate it. Ah it's on. Yeah, I think that'd be fine. Because that was just a trend, and we do have rubber buttons anyway. Yeah. Yeah, I think we should just imagine white buttons. Yeah. Yeah, the volume ones should stand out a bit. Real Reactions? Yeah, I don't see how we could make it any more. Um, apart from maybe doing the whole thing in the kinda light shade of blue, like the casing. But then what colour would you make the R_s? No, I just We got the logo off the web browser. Mm-hmm. Um, I don't think they would really need to be. I think if they were just all small round blue buttons, it'd be fine. Needs to be an enter button, but could just be the same as well. Mm-hmm. Shouldn't we maybe lose a point on fashion, go to a three? 'Cause we've lost the overall spongy feel. 'Cause it doesn't seem right that it just hasn't changed at all. Alright. Did we decide what that was, which button it was? On the volume ones? Right. Um, can I just check if that's a cherry or an apple? Did we decide against the apple because of Apple Mac? And did we make it a cherry officially? Right. So were we aiming for a certain target on that scale? Right. So do we have anything else to discuss? Huh. Yeah. I think it maybe could have been a slightly more creative project. I mean a remote control isn't the most um kind of fancy thing that you could imagine designing. I can't think of a better example at the minute. Well it's a different application of it. Yeah. Well leadership's a bit of a funny one, isn't it. But we can't really all fairly comment on leadership because you are the Project Manager. You were the leader. So our experience of leadership wasn't really as much as yours. Yeah, very nice. But I mean, I d I don't I'm not sure I see the value in these. I mean, they record what you're writing, and then what do you do with it? Where do you get the recording? Do you plug the computer or something? Right. I think you watch a video of it kind of. Voice um recognition thing. Pretty much.
No, you'll ha have to open it up from elsewhere. Yeah, you have to you have to close that window. 'Cause that's the save one isn't it, so And then find it. You pass it round to have a look. Mm very nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it is, yeah. Cherry would be alright actually. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Copyright, yeah. What's this this one? What's that one there? Oh, okay. Right. Uh-huh. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'll see if I can find them. Have Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. So if you had to do a presentation or will you just work it on the prototype? That's the pr Okay. we should plug it in. Do you wanna plu do you wanna plug it in into the the back of that one. We could do it as we d go along, the production costs, looking at the prototype. Well do we'll do it on the prototype, so do two, see how much it is. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think you just do one, don't you, for the I think I think it's just it's just a one. Else I thi I think I think the button supplement i is just a supplement for all the buttons made in a different material, rather than per button. I don't know though. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. You've just gone off the window into another one. It's on the bottom row. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we have to have it Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Shall we shall we evaluate the prototype as we've got it now first, and then sort of make decisions about what needs to be changed after? Okay. Right um, I have a little thing. So, we've all got a note of it's thirteen point seven, isn't it, with everything we want on. Yeah, I just had a presentation to do. Mm-hmm. Mm. Right okay um, This is about the evaluation criteria that we use for the the prototype we've got here. And so the method is that the design team makes a prototype, and we evaluate the prototype against some criteria that we've formulated. And those ones are gonna be in response to sort of market research, and also finance, I guess. And do that on a scale from say true being one and false being seven, so if it's neither true nor false, then that's four. So, I got a set of criteria just based on the marketing that we need to add in a financial one as well, at the end. Um so, We have to say whether it's true or false that the product looks and feels fancy. Um The whether the product demonstrates technical innovation. Whether it's easy to use. Whether it's incorporating sort of the fashion element to attract the buyer. And whether it's a sort of recognisable Real Reaction product. And I have to go up onto the whiteboard and do this apparently, so I'll go over here. Right. So the first one is um, does the product look and feel fancy. So if we do a sort of a one So Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of but I think What Is one false, or is t one true? I forgot. One's true, and okay. Seven's fal Four is neutral, okay. So Right. Okay. Right. I gonna put underneath so I've got some more space. So, false is seven, true is one, and So uh say about a two for fancy, you think? Okay. Okay, well d you do an average at the end, I don't know. Um Uh-huh. This this is just this is just for like the look. Does it sort of look fancy rather than functional. So Yeah, so that so sh should we go for a a two on that? 'Kay. And I mean, how much does the product demonstrate technical innovation do you reckon? D yeah. Okay. So, what about the pr The prototype as it is, we've got we've got the speech recognition on it, haven't we. But not the kinetic. Alright, so So it doesn't It's pretty The prototype as it is isn't sort of um fulfilling the Okay. Yeah. Right, okay. Mm-hmm. S I'm just gonna check my email. I'm just gonna check exactly what it said in the email for um the product. Okay. But I Okay. Yeah., I just read the email again and it sort of says it's evaluate the design sort of as it is, I think, so I think we need to think about finance after we've sort of evaluated that design. I don't know whether we're doing it in the wrong order or something or. So, I mean does this need to go up a bit or something, 'cause we've got both the both the um the speech Yeah. Yeah. Um, for for innovation, so we've got the speech the speech thing, and Do you reckon a two? Okay. Two. And the next one is I'll have to get it back up now. Okay. Um Say about a three maybe? It's a two. Yeah, this is This Yeah. So this is about sort of the corporate image of like new sort of sleek technology and all that sort of thing, as well as having the logo on and all that. So sort of Is it sort of a recognisable product. Does it fit in with our other other products, which uh are sort of coffee makers and spacecraft. What do y Yeah. Uh-huh. So Two or three? Yeah. Two or three. How Two. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah we s yeah, I think we sort of add them up so sort of at an average is gonna be I'm just gonna do this in my head. One point eight isn't it or something. I think, anyway. So yeah, pretty close to a two. So So it's I mean it's pretty good at the moment, but it's gonna get worse, isn't it. But we've gotta try and make sure it doesn't get too bad. Yeah. Do you wanna plug it into yours so we can get up the the finances I'm not sure. Yeah. it's come on already. Mm. Yeah. Different different colours, yeah. Yeah, I was I was thinking that because maybe maybe the sort of rubber case is a bit less in sort of the corporate identity than the sort of you know sleeker plastic case. Lose a little bit on the fashion, yeah, but And then Yeah. Yeah. Well I thin I think you you you just need two for the special colour 'cause it's just two supplements, you know. One original colour and then sort of two supplements, I think maybe. Okay. So we only ne we only need two for that. 'Cause I mean these these are moulded. The one colour's gonna be moulded out of a piece of plas uh of rubber, isn't it. Right. Yeah, that Yeah. Okay, so tha So shall we do a Well, um Yeah. Yeah, so Uh So it's w if we've if we've put in for another special form on a button, then maybe they could be a different shape. Like we got a cherry one. Maybe other ones could be something else shaped. I don't know. That would be poss seeing as seeing as it's cheaper to make them a different seeing as we've got, you know, we've made it a a special form, so And that would sort of maybe keep us close on the sort of the fashion type one. And it would sort of, you know, keep it quite fancy as well, I don't know. Well you could Yeah. Yeah, I mean the volume buttons could be lemons or something, maybe. Okay. So, we've what have we what have we rid of. We got rid of the plastic. Is it The rubber. Yeah. Yeah. But uh So I mean, we've got we got rid of the rubber case, but we've now s we now sort of got an extra form, and an extra colour for the buttons. So maybe in terms of sort of fanciness and fashionability, we're pretty much the same, maybe. So, I mean we could maybe put two again on them. Yeah. Yeah. And what about the sort of innovation? Do you think Okay. And then, the corporate identity. Yeah. Whether whether that's considered to be sort of part of the corporate identity, I don't know. I mean, it's maybe not. I mean Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, well I mean We cou Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, what what what's the company colour? Did you get told what the company colour is or Oh right. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. Uh-huh. 'Cause you've got sort of we've got point two to play with if you really wanted to. Another colour. Or would that be t Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Shall we save the point two for profitability then? Hmm. Yeah. I mean it's the sort of thing that, I mean, you wanna pick up the controller and just hit a button quickly to change the channel or volume. So, if it's dead obvious, then that's fine. But if you're opening the panel and you're looking and you're tuning, then you're paying a bit more attention. So it may be sort of different colour buttons isn't so important. 'Cause you Yeah. So Yeah, I mean so we've dropped the cost, but Same sort of function? The criteria? It's alright. Just made a load of money. Well, but I think we said that w Because you got rid of the rubber, we put an extra an extra sort of fruit um shape on one of the buttons. le lemon sh I think well, we could have lemon shaped ones with the volume ones or something. Or something like that. Yeah. Did did you have to have a rubber case, though, for rubber buttons? Or was it the other way around? Right, okay. Yeah. So that so we've saved Saved two Euros on that. Mm-hmm. Well, we're aiming for um one for all of them. M but it really has to fit into the budget, so I guess we just have to adjust things to get it i in the Which is fair enough. Yeah. Yeah, I think most Yeah. Yep. I don't know. What's on the agenda? Uh-huh. Finish your meeting now. Yeah. Okay. Oh. I thought some of the divisions though between sort of the individual meetings were a bit arbitrary. Yeah. Well, we were finding out various things in in be in-between the meetings, and they didn't the one meeting didn't always follow on for the other one, you know, sort of we had things thrown in at the second meeting where, you know, you'd looked at the remote controls and seen the curviness, but in the first one you'd also looked at some remote controls and looked at the buttons, and I don't understand why it would be in separate meetings that you'd do that. You know, you'd sort of you'd probably present it at one or something like that. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the thing itself. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But think like it was a bit restrictive just to say that you have to design a television remote control, in a way. I mean it depends what sort of business you're in, I guess. I mean this one seems. From the website it looks it's quite innovative, but we're coming up with some bucket shop product aren't we that's, you know, fifteen quid. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I mean if you look at their products on their website here, Real Reaction, I mean it's all pretty high-tech and cutting edge. And Yeah. Yeah. we did find a new idea, I mean sort of a kinetic remote control. I've never seen one of them before. batteries, I think. So Mm yeah. Yeah. Mm. That went okay, yeah. Mm-hmm, yeah. I don't think sort of the budget um allowed us to do anything Well, I mean I don't think it I just don't think it fitted in with the rest of their products. I mean, they've got all these sort of, you know, high definition D_V_D_ and portable seven inch d um lightweight computer screens, and uh I'm thinking, do you know, one cheap remote control doesn't really fit in. Surely they they should produ Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It worked. Comput computers could be a bit difficult at times but I think there's a little there's a little um chi There's a little there's a little chip, I think you must plug it into something and it produces a I don't know. Whether it just produces a big image of sort of everything you've written or something, and Page after page. Yeah. Kinetic powered remote control. Um, what was the other one? Vo yeah. Voice recognition, yeah. S Almost. To fill in these fill in these questionnaires Oh no. Hmm? I think that we've got two questionnaires and a report on the last meeting.
";The first prototype for the remote control was made of single-curved rubber with a total of 16 rubber buttons (some of them in a slide-out panel) with a cherry design on top. It uses kinetic energy and has a sample sensor for the speech recognition. The initial cost was calculated at 13.70 Euros. Although over budget, the team decided to evaluate this prototype before making any changes. On a scale from 1 (true) to 7 (false) they rated it on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design (2), technological innovation (2), ease of use (1), incorporation of fashion elements (2), and brand recognition (2). Changing the rubber case to plastic reduced the cost and allowed for an extra button-form and colour. The team were reasonably satisfied with the project in terms of teamwork and creativity, although they thought that the flow of information was sometimes disjointed. However, the idea of designing a remote control seemed unexciting, especially since the requirements restricted it to TV only, and the budget was too small. Finally, some new ideas were also found in the form of kinetic energy source and use of speech recognition. 
"Okay okay Okay. Hello. Okay. My name's Poppy. I'm the Industrial Designer for this project. Um, I'm going to be responsible for the functional design phase. Also the conceptual design and the detailed design for the final product. Okay. Okay. So this is a television remote control? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Got those notes. Okay. Okay. Oh, to go first. Oh, are we all doing it individually? Okay, let's stand up and support you Okay. Do you have elk where you come from? You do. Okay. Sheep. Yeah, cows. That's a great elk. Yeah. Brilliant. Mm. Very nice. Okay. Okay, I'll go next. I am a big animal lover. I like all sorts of animals, but for the moment I'm gonna draw a cat, in memory of my poor cat that died recently. It's gonna be a bit of a strange drawing, but never mind. Not as artistic as Heather's drawing. Bit more cartoon style. But I like cats because they're so independent, and they always seem to be doing what they want to be doing. Um, but that doesn't mean they're completely not sociable, 'cause they enjoy interacting with humans as well, and they seem to enjoy the good things like sunshine and, um, running around outside as well as being inside, and enjoying their food, and generally just, they just seemed so cool and they just know what they're doing. Uh I reckon they're sort of, they got it sorted. They know what they want. Basically, that's why I like cats. I'll rub that out. There you go. Ooh. Well there are loads of different types of dogs, so I'm sure it'll represent one kind of dog. We can pretend. Okay. Yeah, that's true. Very nice. Okay. Okay. I always find that in our house the remote control always goes missing. It's always, where is the remote control? So maybe if you could have some kind of tracking device for the remote control or some signal that you could find out where it was. I dunno, some kind of alarm. You can press a button on your wall, signal, 'cause it always gets lost. Yeah. Yeah, that you don't use half of them. Yeah, that's, that's Yeah, it is. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. A novelty. Are we going into kind of novelty factors here. Like, I've seen phones like a Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I suppose, if we're he heading to have it, like make a huge profit out of this, it needs to be quite a universally accepted thing. Like, a novelty thing might only sell a few things rather than, like, a general kind of more acceptable But we don't wanna go towards boring, 'cause that wouldn't sell either. So, hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Industrial Designer. That's me. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thank you.
You may have to do the function F_ eight thing. Oh, okay. Hi, I'm Genevieve. I'm the Marketing Expert. I'm an expert at marketing. Um, I'll be telling you guys about the user requirement specifications for our new product. Um, I'll be doing some trend-watching in the conceptual design, and product evaluation for the design phase. Yeah. Thank you. We have moose too. Uh-oh, we have a good artist. Oh, very shapely. Oh. Tara or Tara. That's Pinocchio. Alrighty. I feel like a robot. Okay. Um, well I guess I had the most time to think about it. I'm going to draw a butterfly, because I saw a butterfly yesterday, that seemed to be like the symbol of Spring arriving. And it was actually the prettiest butterfly I've ever seen out in the wild, and I though that was pretty cool in Scotland. It was like, well it was a little pointier than that. At first I thought it was a dead leaf. And then it landed on the wall next to me. But this part was all brown and then it has these big blue dots like this. And then it kinda there was a green, I think it was a green ring, and there was like red going out like this. Yeah, it kinda was actually, 'cause it was This part of the body was really dull, and then it was the most colourful exotic butterfly ever, and I'm like, wow this is the middle of Scotland in like March. So I thought that was pretty cool. And it landed by a wall and let me look at it for about two minutes. I wish I'd had my camera. So that's gonna be my favourite animal because after all the snow it seemed to say that like Spring is finally here. Yeah. There you go. Uh, what do we Oh. Yes I do. Okay, so we'll have a hundred percent profit then? Twelve fifty. Okay. I find that in the dark it's often hard to know what button you're pushing. Um Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. There's some remote controls where there's kind of a hidden panel, so all those buttons that you don't really use unless you're programming or something. That's useful. So you just have like the number buttons, power button, T_V_ video button. Could be shaped like a conch, you know. Be like a shell-shaped remote.. Interface? Oh, industrial. Marketing Expert.
My name's Tara and I'm the User Interface Designer. I will also be responsible for the functional design phase, the conceptual design phase and the detailed design phase of the user interface design. Gosh. Yeah. An elk? A vicious We have sheep. That is really good. I'm quite Very good. Okay. I think my favourite animal would be a dog, but I'm not really sure how to draw one. I, I've never drawn a dog, I don't think. I'm tempted to draw a snail 'cause I draw them sometimes and they're really easy to draw. Um, right it's gonna be a really funny dog, 'cause I'm not sure how to draw a dog. It's a cartoon dog I think. A s I don't ev Oh, oh well. It's a scary cartoon dog. That This, that does not look like a dog. I'm sorry. How do you draw a dog? I suppose it has a lon Oh my god. Right. Yous know what it's supposed to be. It's a dog.. Um, I like dogs because, um, they're so good to humans, like they can be trained to be police dogs and seeing-eye dogs, and they're just such friendly animals. And, like they're more of a companion than cats. I've nothing against cats. Cats don't really like me, so I can't like them. But they're just so friendly and warm and nice animals, that don't look like that. Yeah. Do yous not find that, um, like, there's a lot of, um, buttons on your remote control, and you don't know what half of them do. Yeah, I don't know what they do. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Alright, that did nothing. Okay. Welcome to the meeting everyone. Just gonna attempt to make this into a slide show. Sorry guys. I did. Twice. This'll just take a moment. Or it won't. Okay we'll have to deal with it like this then. Alright. Um. This is the first meeting uh for developing our, our new product. I'm Heather, I'm your Project Manager. Okay. So um. So that was the opening. The first thing we'll do is get acquainted with one another. If everyone could go around and explain their role and um, and their name. Nice to meet you Poppy. Alright. Alright I'm Heather and I've I said I'm your Project Manager, um Well you can pretty much read what it is that I'm doing. But um um Yeah. And uh tool training is one thing that we're going to be doing today, um um as well as planning the project, how we're going to, uh, create this product, and, um, discuss, um, our aims and objects of this, uh Which brings us to our next subject, is, um, um, as a team we're going to be designing and creating a new kind of remote control. Um, we want this to be a marketable product that can be trendy, um, a completely new style, so that, um, can really appeal to a, to a generation that doesn't want a simple plain kind of, uh, channel-changer. And, um, it needs to be user-friendly for, um, maybe, for an example, for people that, um, can't see the numbers as well, or, um, perhaps an ergonomic design. Yes, it's a television remote control. Right. I believe I should be taking minutes on this right now. So, alright. Um, yeah. Um, the way that we're going to go about this is, um, we'll have a time where we can, um come up with new ideas alone, and, and work on the project and then, um, after we've brainstormed and, and thought about, we can come together in a meeting and, and discuss what, what um, what kind of functional design we want to use. Same with conceptual design and detailed design. So, um, making sure that it, it's usable, that as a, um and that it's, it's feasible to create, and uh, to come up with a concept of it want, what we want it to look like. Um, tool training. Is, is everyone, um Okay. Great. Great. Um One thing that, uh, we're going to do is become more acquainted with the, the tools that we have access to for our project. Um, one of them is our whiteboard. And, um, as a sort of team-building moment, um, I, I'd like us to, um, try out the whiteboard by expressing our favourite animal and the charac characteristics of that animal. Um, why that, why that should be your favourite animal. So, um, I, I'm assuming that we should do that now. 'Kay. With our microphones still attached to our bodies. Okay. 'Kay, what's my favourite animal? Do come up. This is a team-building time where, um,, okay cool, um My favourite animal, which changes all the time, okay, right now it is an elk. alright, so And it goes like Yeah it's got like big antlers, yeah. Looks kinda like, like it has holly growing out of its head. Yes. Yeah we have moose and we have deer. Do you have 'Kay, um. Thanks. This is my Okay. That's a sketching of my my elk, and it, it is my favourite animal right now, 'cause it is a large beautiful majestic creature, that um, that um In a way it looks kind of awkward, because it's on spindly legs and it uh But it can really overcome harsh terrain, and although it's gorgeous it's also very dangerous, because it has um strong antlers, and uh it can really combat its enemies, even like it it's a it's an herbivore but, uh, it can really defend itself. Yeah. Right. Right, I'm gonna take minutes while, um, you guys express your favourite animals. Oh. Great. I forget her name. It looks kinda like a person. It's kinda like a peacock. Great. Do you hear the eraser buzzing while you do that? Yea Right. So, now that we know how to use the whiteboard, um, the next, um, thing we need to address is our financial department, to meet our our budget, um or not meet our budget but more, um, like what kind of, uh, selling range we'll be looking at, um, wanna make this um selling price of twenty five Euros. And so we have to, um, come up with a way to, to create a, a uh remote control, where um we can like the price to create it will be significantly less. Um, we'd like to, um to, uh, make fifty million Euro. I'm assuming that's what the M_ means. Um, and make it for an international market. Um, one thing we'd have to think about internationally is in the design of, um, like different kinds of, uh, V_C_R_s. Things like that, depending on which country you are. Another thing for the design team to think about. Um, we want it to cost, uh, absolute maximum of twelve Euro and fifty cents. I'm bad at math. 'Kay. Um, so now that, um, that is underway, um it is discussion time. So this is time for us to bring our initial ideas, any um suggestions that you may have so far, a um your personal experiences with remote controls, and um, um, areas you see that, uh, could be improved in your experience with them. Does anyone have any initial thoughts? Mm-hmm. So what's something we could, uh, do to remedy that? Yeah. It's a great idea. It's a great idea. Alright. Anything about, um, the look of the, uh, remote control that you might have ideas about. Maybe it could be, instead of like a standard rectangular shape, it could be, um, something more interesting like Any ideas will do that you have at this point. Can hold it. Yeah. Well if it's a trendy original, um, aspect we're going for. I mean, you're the designers, you c, you can um decide what kind of, um, direction you wanna go in, but at this point in the, in the first meeting it can be any ideas that we just throw out there. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And the key issue here is, is being trendy and original. Um, that does not necessarily mean it needs to be outrageous. Right. Okay we have five minutes left. So, just to cover We have one more thing. Um, like you can go over your ideas, of course, in your own personal times. Um, our next meeting will be in half an hour. So you have half an hour to, uh, think about what you want to present. Or not present but bring to the meeting. Um, I_D_, whatever that stands for. Industrial Designer. I have to remember these things. Um. You'll be beginning your, your working design. Um, U_I_D_ the technical functions design will, will be worked on the next thirty minutes. Um, maybe how this can be achieved, and, um, we need the user requirements from the manag Marketing Expert. Um, you will get specific instructions, um, of what to do in the next half an hour. And I'll see you in half an hour, okay? 'Kay.
";The project manager opens the meeting by introducing herself and asking everyone to say their name and role in the group. She then states the agenda of the meeting and tells them that they will be designing and creating a new remote control that should be trendy and user-friendly. The meetings will focus on functional, conceptual, and detailed design. Next, each group member draws their favorite animal on the whiteboard and explains the characteristics of that animal. After that the project manager covers the project budget, and then they begin discussing their personal experiences with remote controls and how they want their remote to look. Then the project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what to do in preparation for the next meeting. 
"Am I starting now? Anytime? Oh sorry. 'Kay, um. Alright, welcome back fro to the second meeting. And um I hope you had a productive last thirty minutes. Um, and um, I'll be taking minutes on this one, and um Being hooked up to the PowerPoint for this meeting isn't very necessary for uh myself, because it'll be more about uh, what you guys are bringing to the meeting today. Um, so, the first presentation we'll be looking at is Poppy's presentation. And, um So, sorry? So, um, take it away Poppy. It's, it's plugged in. So, um No problem. I'm sure it's fine. Right, um, one question. This, um, self-destructible uh metal, it allows for recycling materials? So that, um, someone could have this product for as long as they felt that they wanted it, and then once they contribute it, then that company can break down the part, the parts better? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Would we be the company that would break down these, or uh metals? Or would we contribute to another group? Alright. Okay. This sounds like a really great idea. One thing we have to consider is our uh one hundred percent um turnover goal that we have for our financial sector. Um, so we'll have to investigate how much that will cost us, cost the company, um 'cause it sounds very labour-intensive. You would have to hire a number of people, and it might be more expensive. Mm-hmm. Alright. We'll still have to investigate the financial implications. Alright. I like the environmental approach. Um, we'll have to see if that can meet our financial goals as well. I'm sorry, could you Those were um Okay. So those are what, um, we'll c construct the remote. Those are all the Alright. Great. Alright. Thank you very much. And, um, the next presenter will be Tara. Yeah. Function F_ eight. Sorry. Yeah. Right. Does everyone agree with this? Does anyone object and, and find the multifunctional might be a better way to go? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Sounds great. Alright, well, um, are you ready for your presentation Genevieve? Fabulous. Except you're not hooked up to the Great. No problem, we can I'm sorry, what was that last thing that you just said? Mm-hmm. I'm sorry, that eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. You mean that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control? Okay. Alright, so it might be very appealing if, um, we have very concise buttons. And another thing with um lots of surfing, we'd probably have to work on something that could be um a lot more durable, because I find with um channel-changers that, um, a lot of the numbers get rubbed down if they're printed on the button. Yeah. It's um No it's a button that you press, and then you, uh, like a menu pops up. I haven't used it before but Mm. That's rather sad. Yep. I agree with um if we're targeting young adults then it would be something we should look into. Um, financially and and functionally. Um, and especially if we are um trying to be trendy, go with fashions, things like that. Um, ages like from thirty five to sixty five which show lower numbers probably won't be as concerned. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And something that might further complicate it is that the T_V_ makes noise itself. Wonder if it would have Yeah. Yeah. If we're looking for a simplistic design, if We need to decide if that is our um intention is, is a simplistic design. Um, because if, if it is then I think voice, um voice-activated Yeah, and that would sort of negate the whole remote control thing, because if people can activate the television with their voice then they won't be using a, they won't be talking into a remote, I'm sure. Um, I don't know what an L_C_D_ screen is. I have no idea still. I'm sorry. Oh, on the remote. Okay. Yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And if one of the largest, uh, or most complained about thing is that it takes so long to get to know how to use a remote control, I'm sure that something like an L_C_D_ screen or remote control would be just furthering that problem. Yeah. Alright. Okay. Before we go into uh more discussion on we want this design to look like, I've received some information from the management that will affect some of our decisions. Um, for one thing, because Having controls with D_V_D_, V_C_R_, that sort of thing, would really complicate the design of the remote control. Um, we've decided not to include them and make it a specific, just a specific television um function. Which is good as, as we've sort of decided that we would like to go with that anyway. Um, for many reasons. So um we have that decision sort of made for us. Another thing that might um affect other decisions is that um the management feels that teletext is outdated, because more people are using the internet now. And so uh we won't concern ourselves with um navigating the teletext option. Yep. Okay, sure. Yeah I do. I'm looking at looking at it right now. thank you. Um, well, I mean we don't have the resources or or possibility of using the internet with the remote control, but um they were just pretty much saying that the teletext would not be used. Alright, and another thing. This is for the design, the design of the product is that um we wanna create, um more of a sense that people know that this is from our company. So, um, all the remote controls must have our um We'll incorporate our logo and colour in in some way. So, um, perhaps um our logo on the bottom, or wherever you feel like it would look good. Um, it doesn't have to be the colour of our um of our company but, another thing is that, um we need to, we probably would have to have that colour and, and logo decided upon. Um, I'm assuming that we already have one, but for the purposes of this meeting I, I wasn't offered a, like a type of logo or colour, so if that could be um somewhere on the design so that we can be recognisable. The little R_ R_ yellow thing? Okay. Real Reaction? Okay. Um, yes, those are the changes. Um, so, now we need to discuss, um and come to a decision on our remote control functions, of, of how this is going to be. I'm just going to look at my notes for a second. Um, we have to decide on a target group and the functions of the remote control. So, um, we already know that it'll just be for the television. It'll It won't have teletext. But um, you know, we could discuss um those other options that you brought up, Genevieve. Is that how most people feel about that? Okay. Yeah, but another thing is that if we're reaching an international crowd, um, I know for one that in North America there is no such thing as teletext, so it'd be really superfluous. Yeah. I don't know about other countries besides the U_K_. Do you know if anywhere else has it? Alright. It was a management decision, so it's, it's pretty much out of our hands at this point. 'Kay. So, I guess we're looking at something rather simple. Yeah. I think we should definitely go ahead with the alarm system idea that you had. 'Cause I'm sure that could be inex inexpensive because we could use the same kind of infrared the same signal through that and it could just like make a little beeping noise. It's not that expensive to do. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I like that idea. Yeah. The button Oh. Minor detail there. Yeah, it would have t Mm-hmm. Yeah. Then it wouldn't, it probably wouldn't be able to use It would be able to use the same reception on the remote c control I guess, but the actual device would have to have its own infrared signaller. Okay. Maybe, um Probably, I mean. That's your department you'll have to sort that out. Yeah, you'll have to Yeah, you'll have to investi Do some research on that, alright? Great. Um, alright, and I'm sure that, um um, the glow-in-the-dark, fluorescent, whatever, system, um is a go ahead. Is everyone interested in that? Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. But I mean Yeah. Yeah. Could we somehow We could, may, possibly, sorry, incorporate them both so that the buttons could maybe be in the shape of the numbers themselves and be made out of some glow-in-the-dark material. 'Cause I d I don't think that glow-in-the-dark material, um, like the actual soft plastic, um, costs that much more than other colours. Yeah. Alright we have five minutes left um, for the meeting, but I think we should discuss this light subject a little bit more before we close. Um, what was I missed the last moment, reading that. What were you talking about with the lighting up buttons? Yeah. Yeah. Mm. So it could be any button that would be pressed. Yeah. Okay, so That's probably feasible. So, do you think that we should do the lighting up thing, and the glow-in-the-dark thing, and the shape of the numbers? Do we have to kind of decide what we're gonna do with this. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it could, if it's that softer rubber material it'll be, maybe, um, uh, better for people with um els no what's it called, R_S_I_, what was it that we were talking about? Yeah. Yeah instead of like hard buttons. Okay. Um, did we want to go for the glow-in-the-dark look? Or did we want to go for the lighting up instantly? Like should we do both? Or we can have one or the other? Because it might, for, for our design purposes, I mean, the lighting up thing might be better because glow-in-the-dark material has a funny kinda colour. And it might not go with different like face plates that we might come up with. Yeah. Right. Right. Alright. So we've decided on lighting up things. Yeah. Yeah. But with the same thing, I mean. If you touch the button and then it could be, it could be lit up as well. Is Are you okay with that? Okay. Cool. Um Alright. So I think that um that completes most of our um our more uh practical decisions. And now it's up to designing. And um making sure that this can be feasible. And do you have anything Do you have anything to say? Like an iPod or something? Okay. Like a cellphone? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Accessories. Yeah. I think that we should incorporate that. 'Cause that wouldn't be very expensive at all. You'd just get one mould, throw some plastic in it, you know. Yeah. Well, that might be com problematic with um copyright issues. So, if it takes off then we'll, we'll, we'll try that out. Right. We'll have to do more research. Like as of yet, that has nothing to do with, um, the way it'll look. Um, does it need to be reached a de Do we need to reach a decision on that right now? Because we need to investigate the financial implications. Okay. Is it Does it need to be uh decided on now? Or should we Okay. Good. Alright then. Anyone else have anything more to say before we close? Alright, well. Let's have lunch and we'll discuss this later. Alright?
Okay. Yeah. That's okay. That's okay. Okay. Okay. Um, do I need to plugged in. F_ okay. Function F_ eight. Sorry about this guys. 'Kay. is on. Right. Okay. I will take this time just to apologise. I, I only, uh, received my emails later on. 'Cause I was too busy carried away doing my own thing, which is not obviously not a very good part of a team-working thing. But there we go. Um, so I was looking at how we're going to go about the working design, and what we actually need to do, and what the remote control needs to do. And it needs to um allow a person to have a portable desi device, so they can control the television from wherever they are. They don't need to actually manually touch the television set. So, it gives them much more flexibility, and allows them to be where they want to be. Um, from Uh, on a functional side of things, we found out that wh from our previous meeting, we decided that there're certain points that will make our product unique. Um, one is the visibility in the dark, which was um Genevieve's idea. So we need to think about how we could bring this in um technically. And we could use illuminated buttons, which we are all familiar with when we're using a mobile phone, or um something fam familiar. A automatically, um lights up at first touch. Or we could use fluorescent materials which would just um take in the light during the day, and then as soon as they go off they would glow in the dark. Um, also we could use um an alarm. So if we lost the um remote control, perhaps there could be a button on the television set itself, which you could press, and then an alarm from the handset would sound where it was, hopefully in the room. Maybe behind a cushion or somewhere. Um, so that would work. Um, oop. Go back there. Um, another thing I think we d missed out on on the last meeting was the fact that we should consider the environmental impact of our design. Um, from previous researches I've carried out on other projects, um we've learnt about smart materials where um um specific alloys of metals have a shape memory. So they can be heated and um and cooled, and they change the shape of um the metal. So, for example, a screw that's holding something together could expand and it would force all the components apart. So um, the benefits of this for our product would be that when it came to the end of its product life, if it was heated, um everything would spring apart. So, all the um individual components could be easily separated, and then some could be reused, some could be recycled, and I think that would be very important for products now. Especially 'cause there's much uh responsibility for all the um companies who are coming up with like new designs. 'Cause all, we all know that our resources are being limited, and we have to be very environmentally conscious. Yeah. Um And then Yeah. Yeah they would, um you would make the, the product as you normally would, apart from the, the bits that hold it all together would be made out of this shape-memory alloy. And that's the part that would um allow all the other parts to be separated at the end. I mean, the user would return the p product to the company, 'cause it's the product's responsibility to get rid of what they've made. Um, and then the company could then just use, make use of this shape-memory alloys to split up the components, and then either reuse some bits, and other bits which are obviously gonna wear out with time, or not usable, they might be like be able to put into scrap metal. Something like the case, if it's scratched or something, you would want to reuse it, but you might be able to melt it down and reuse it again somewhere else. You could we could probably empl em employ a, a side company or something to do that for us. But it would be our responsibility to get that done and to dispose of the products that we made. For a certain percentage at least. Not every, not a hundred percent of everything we produce, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I the fact of the shape-memory alloys is that they, they don't need to be manually de um deconstructed. Like, you don't have to individually um unscrew all the screws. Because of this, their properties are smart material. All you need is just the heat, so they self-destruct themselves. So I suppose it does need like high contact, yeah, you know high uh quality machinery, and very specific machinery, but Yeah. Okay. Um also there is um components. This'll be how it uh will actually work. But I haven't put this plan together yet. There we go. Sorry, should I go back. This would actually show the circuit diagram. Although I haven't come up with the final circuit yet. So I just put all those components in. Yeah. I it just shows what sort of energy source. It could be a battery, like rechargeable probably. Um, an' yeah, well how the infrared will actually be sent through the chip to be received by the chip on the television set itself. Okay? So, now is it F_ eight again to escape? Or escape? There we go. Okay. Thank you. There you go Tara. Function F_ eight. The one at the top. Um, I was just wondering about the, what, what Genevieve said before, about having like some hidden controls like having the outer casing. And that would probably, um, I d, well well what you said before about it being a more profitable simplistic design. I suppose having that would complicate it a lot more. And limit the design. Do you think? Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. the single function. Yeah. Yeah that's a good point. It's like the news. Or like information. The and what's on. It's like It's like very basic internet. Sort of, um Yeah, it's just information that um, like television timetables, what's on, what's on now, what's on next, on every channel, and Yeah. To get the right reception and picture, I suppose. Repetitive strain injury. I think. Oh, I'm guessing that's what it is. I'm not Mm. Yeah. Yeah. It is. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. And if there was conversation in the room at the same time, although in theory it doesn't tend to be when you're watching television, but could be very difficult to get the specific uh design. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. What, what would appear on the screen? Like linked in with the teletext, or sort of like an teletext at your fingers, without having to access that through the television. Mm, Yeah. Could be. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Complicated jus complicating things even fo Mm. Okay. Can I just interrupt? Would you like to plug in your Have you got a PowerPoint or not? Okay. Thanks. Were they, was the management suggesting use of the internet rather than teletext, or just avoiding both altogether? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Just Okay. Work on that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. More research required, I think. But if Was it a management decision that we're having Okay. So Okay. 'Kay. Minimal Yeah okay. Yeah. The same signalling. I mean Or vibrate just the same as a mobile phone. Like you just a, a buzz or something. Yeah. If Do you mean the the link between the Well, if the button was actually on Oh, yeah. Maybe Yeah, yeah. Maybe something adhesive that you could like stick onto the back of any set that would be um yeah not very obtrusive. Obviously something small that's Yeah, that's a good point. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Pr probably. Unless it could be Okay. Um, unless some way, it could have some universal connection to like the socket, the same socket that the T_V_'s supplied from. I mean the power for the T_V_. So, mm, more research into that one. Yeah. Y Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like a raised Yeah That's true. And also y, uh Heather you mentioned before, um like how it should be accessible to everybody. Um, so like big b um buttons, for people you are visually impaired. The glow-in-the-dark or light up won't make any difference anyway. So like you say tactile might be better, because it'd be more available to everybody. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, it's not these days. I mean, it's quite easily accessible. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So self-timed lighting. Um, I Yeah. So, self-timed Yeah. Yeah. I think the shape of the numbers is a really good idea. And I think that's un unique as well. I mean, I haven't seen that. And as you're saying like numbers can wear off if they're just sort of like painted on, you know printed. durable. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Repetitive strain injury. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and we could Yeah there are now like loads, or a huge range of different colours that it could light up in as well, which could like link in with the company colours. Like it could be blue or green or yellow, or like we've just limited t with the, just ordinary phosphorescent so Yeah. Every time the, that it lit up, you c that could light up as well. Or, or the, whate Yeah. Is Okay. Like you can have changeable um mobile covers or something. Yeah, or Okay. Yeah. Person Yeah. Well, that's great. Interchangeable. Um, als Yeah. Interchan And also possible I mean, uh, we could gain out of that by advertising certain T_V_ shows, or Yeah. But if we, there is Yeah. We could Um, the environmental factor, we didn't bring that up again. Yeah. Um, I've Okay. Let's I think we could probably leave that 'til later on, then. No. Okay. Thank you.
F_ eight, w. Function F_ eight. Thanks. Can you see? Do you think Is it uh, function eight yeah? Oh right. Okay. Okay. I'm the User um User Interface Designer. Uh, the technical functions design of the apparatus is the effect the apparatus should have. Um, in this case it's the function of the remote control, which is to send messages to the television, television set. By taking inspiration from other similar designs, we'll try and come up with an original trendy remote control, which is sellable international. There're two functional design options. A multifunctional remote control, which can be used for several entertainment devices. And a single function remote control, used specifically for the television. Sorry. Um, a single function just for the television itself. Yeah. Um, multifunctional controls can be difficult to use, as the multitude of buttons can be confusing. A single function remote control is simpler to use, but it means you have to have other remote controls for your other entertainment devices. Um, I think that a single function remote control would be preferable, because it's easier to use. It'd be more compatible with a range of television sets, making it more internationally sellable. Um, it will make an original design more obtainable, as we have less functional necessities to include in the design. And it would be more profitable as it would be more simplistic. And less functions would have to be included. So it would be cheaper to make. And probably more sellable just because it's more compatible with a r a wider range of devices. Does anyone have any questions? Well, it's just that, when we're creating it, we're, we have to make it um compatible with different brands of devices. And it would be easier to make it compatible with just different brands of television devices rather than other ent, yeah, other entertainment devices. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And with this we'll have more room in the budget probably to make a more original design. We'll have more money to go into the design side of it. Yeah. Yeah. It's um It has T_V_ has like information, it has information on holidays, the news, entertainment. No, li Yeah. Yeah. And you have page numbers like for the menu, and you press the page numbers with your remote, and it, it'll come up. Very basic internet, yeah. But you have Yeah. But you have no interaction back with it, you know. Like the internet you can send emails and You've no interaction. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, probably just tuning in the channels, would it be? Tuning them in at the very start. You know if you get a new T_V_ set, you tune in all the channels, do you th do you think? Yeah. Yeah. Repeti Uh. Yeah, yeah. I think it is. Yeah. Mobile phone. Yeah. Yeah. Could it it It would be good if it had the actual programme that was on, and what was next. But that would probably be Yeah. That would be good, yeah. Yeah. Might be quite expensive to do that though. And we should keep in mind that fifteen to twenty five year olds might not have twenty five Euros to spend on a remote control. Like their priorities might not be a fancy remote control, when they're just starting out and, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Early twenties, that's the kind of age group. Twenties. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it would be annoying though if I don't use teletext that much, but if it was on your T_V_, you'd want to be able to use it, if You'd Yeah. So is it just Okay. Alright. Right. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. Okay then. Yeah. Would you be able to, um, put the little device anywhere? 'Cause uh isn't our remote control for all T_V_s, so you'd ha Yeah, with the button that you pressed. Yeah. C 'cause then it would only be a applicable to one T_V_ set, so it would need to be something that you could stick somewhere, or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would it need a battery then? Yeah. I I like the light up suggestion. I think that would be better. 'Cause you know the way fluorescent lights lose their brightness after certain time, so I would go for Well just the numbers could be embossed, couldn't it? Like raised. Yeah. Could be raised. Just little arrows, that you could feel, maybe? Yeah. Yeah. That, I think that's good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, I wouldn't say so. That's good Yeah that a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. That, yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. For visually impaired, yeah. Yeah. If I was thinking though, if it was glow-in-the-dark, you could put the um Real Reaction symbol as glow-in-the-dark, and then it would be constantly advertised. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah. Interchangeable thing? That would be good. Yeah. Yeah, and then that would be uh more profitable like as a sideline to the remote as well. Y Could buy extra Yeah. That's a good idea. Yeah. No. Oh yeah. If w No. Okay.
Oh, Function F_ eight. That looks right. I'm sorry, what was that last one. Multifunctional and Ch Oh, I see. 'Kay. So as far as we know, um, a single function television remote control is us usable internationally? Right. D_V_D_s and V_C_R_? Okay. Yeah, I think I agree with the single design thing for now, because we're trying to do so much, that if we're trying to make a unique, user-friendly, dadada, and it's also multi also multifunctional, um, we're gonna go over budget for one thing. So Mm-hmm. Mm, 'kay. Yes I am. Oh, I'm not hooked up, but other than that, completely ready. Okay. Okay. Oh. I just lost my microphone. Just a moment. Okay. So I'll be discussing the functional requirements of this remote control. Um, and I'll give you a little briefing on what that means exactly. Um, if you all remember from the email we got before our very first uh kick-off meeting, with the coffee machine? The functional requirements of that was to produce hot coffee quickly. Um, so what I'll be talking about now is the equivalent for a remote control. Um, so basically what needs and desires are to be fulfilled. Um, I've done some marketing research, a lot of interviews with remote control users, um, and some internet research. And I'll show you my findings. Oh, and firstly I wanted to remind you about our company motto and purpose. So we believe in providing international market with fashionable products. Um, hence our motto, we put the fashion in electronics. So I think that should be our priority here. Um, and we should also be looking to trends in clothing and interior design. Not just in electronic fashion. So that it's something that fits in the household. Um, we should be looking towards trends in both clothing and interior design. Any trends that are going on in, in the public, even media, you know who's famous, what T_V_ shows are being watched, um, to influence our remote control. Okay, so the findings. Um, seventy five percent of users of remote controls find them ugly. Which is a, quite a significant number. Um, the other twenty five percent didn't specify if they love them or found them, you know, neutral. Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. Yeah, they're willing, they're willing to spend money on a remote control with personality. As opposed to your basic, you know, oval black, all same size button remote control. Um, so it is something that people care about. It's not, it's not ignored in the household. Um, seventy five percent of remote control users said that they zap a lot. Zapping meaning they go through channels a lot. They're you know thumb-masters. Um, and fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons. That A very small amount. Thought that was interesting. Yes. And actually to go with that, I'm gonna give you some statistics on the uh relevancy of the buttons, how much they're used. And uh how important the uh users find them. So the power button, obviously, in an hour is only used once. Hopefully the person's not turning on and off the T_V_. Um, but the relevance of that button is nine out of ten. So people wanna be able to turn on the T_V_ with the remote control. Um, as opposed to standing up and turning on the television set. Channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times on average per hour. That's a huge amount. This is the most important button. Um, so obviously when commercials come on they're changing it, so as you said we want a durable button that's not gonna run down. Relevance of that button, our users found was uh ten, ten out of ten. Uh, ditto for volume selection, so ten out of ten. And it's used on average four times an hour. Not as much as channel selection, but still significant. Um, audio settings is used on average zero point eight times an hour. Relevance is two. Screen settings, which means brightness, colour etcetera, zero point five times an hour. Um, and relevance of one point five. We're getting to specific statistics here. Teletext, um, now I'm not too clear on what that is. I don't know if you can help me. Flipping pages. Is that So like a running banner, underneath Oh. Okay. Okay. Like tells you the weather, and Okay. Right. Alright. Well I guess I'm not with it, because I wasn't But it's, it's being used fourteen times an hour. Um, and has a r a high relevance of six point five. So it looks like something that we're gonna want to do some research on and include on our remote control. Um, channel settings. Zero point zero one times an hour. Relevance of three. Channel settings. P Sorry. Changing the channels? Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. Um, so it's not used very often, but people still find it relevant. Okay. Um, biggest frustrations of uh the people that we interviewed. Remote controls are often lost somewhere. So that was already discussed by Poppy. How we could have a, an alarm system so that people can find it. Um, takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. So it should be very user-friendly, you know. People know what to do very quickly. Um, remote controls are bad for R_S_I_. Ah. Is that what it is? People with arthritis and such? Um, maybe our designers can look into that. Um, buttons that don't require, you know, very firm pushing, if they respond. But we'll have to also avoid, you know, buttons responding to the slightest touch as well. That's a problem. Okay. Did you guys uh get that one down? Um okay, here's some ideas for you. A large percentage of the public would pay for voice recognition on the remote controls. So I'll show you some numbers here. Um, so the youngest age group, fifteen to twenty five. Ninety one point two percent said that they would pay extra money to have voice recogni voice recognition included on their remote control. Um, and you can see that number decreases a bit with ol s Interestingly enough, twenty five to thirty five is the lowest amount. Um, that would, are willing to pay extra. So I guess we're gonna have to figure out what age group we're, we're targeting, and if and if voice recognition is something we wanna look into. And if we have the budget for it. Um, if we are targeting young adults, it looks like something that would pay off. Seeing as ninety percent, over ninety percent would pay for it. Mm-hmm. So that, that's a whole other field of research. I don't know if it'd be, if we'd still have a remote, or if you're talking to your television and saying change channel. Um and depending on how many members you have in households. So it m it may be too complicated for us, but it's something to keep in mind anyway. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It looks like Mm-hmm. It'd be like the ultimate remote. Um okay. And th the last thing here was a, an L_C_D_ screen. So, I mean voice recognition might be a little too extreme for us. Not practical. Um an L_C_D_ screen though might be something that, you know, you can shift through pages kind of li the way this PowerPoint is working. So that you don't have so many buttons to deal with. Oh sorry, just, just a screen, like a computer screen. S Or like um Yeah. Or Like an alarm clock. You'd have an L_C_D_ versus just a, a normal clock. Oh just like an electronic screen. As opposed to just buttons. There would be like a little, like on Yeah. Like on the top of a cellphone, the the little L_C_D_ screen. Um, now that's, I, I dunno exactly what exactly we'd put on there. I guess the channel that you're on, the v the volume setting. Mm-hmm. Well I guess that's something we can all take back to our respective research. Um, and finally, whoops, my personal preferences and thoughts. Um, I think our priority really should be unique design. Um, we want something that people want in their home. Every remote control looks the same, so uh in my opinion it should be, um, user-friendly and unique. So the other stuff might be a little too, a little too gadgety for some people. Um, I th myself, voice recognition kind of scares me off. So if we're, if we're aiming to make this an international university, universally accepted product Um, and for all, the other thing is like age market. I mean if we wanted to concentrate on fifteen to twenty five years olds, we could go for the fancy stuff. But if we wanna make fifty million, and and have everyone want this remote control, we should maybe stick to the basics. Mm-hmm. Right. And we have to keep in mind the, the reliability of our research. I mean, you know, a sixteen year old boy would say, yeah I'd pay extra for voice recognition, until they realise that's three months allowance. Um, so I I think, I think the older generations we should be catering to a bit more. Yeah. Yep. Okay. That's it for the market research. Yeah. Maybe we can do the There you go. Oh, come back screen. Hmm. It's probably R_ R_R_ in yellow. Yeah, I think. Okay, so I Are we going to write off the L_C_D_ option? Yeah? Okay. So no L_C_D_, no teletext, and no voice recognition. Yeah. Never heard of it. Um, well I guess, just from my findings it looks like we wanna minimise buttons. Um. And the What was the word they used? F findability is important. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. On the buttons? it doesn't It could it could be a tactile thing as well. Um right, if w if we're minimising buttons, we might be able to make them actually larger. And there's something on it. S you know like up arrow down arrow for, for volume. Um, and I don't know what we could do for, for channels. S The numbers themselves. But then the like up button and down button for the channel, channel changing. Yeah. I just thought that it, it might be sucking more battery power, if there, if it is a light up. I'm not sure. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I guess the other option, referring to the battery thing is, you know how cellphones will t light up for fifteen seconds or something, when you're s and then it goes, so if, if you're like changing the volume during a movie. I know, I'm thinking of mostly when you're watching a movie you turn all the lights off right. And you don't want to turn on the lights, to turn it down, because there's suddenly an explosion, and it's gonna wake up the baby. Um, so if you touch the button, it kind of reactivates it. It lights up for On self timer. Yeah. Oh, just if it was kinda the same way that a cell You know how a cellphone will light up for about ten, fifteen seconds when you touch a button, after having not touched it for a while. Um, if instead of a constant light up on the, on the remote control, if it lights up for ten seconds when it's touched again. Yeah, and you, you touch it and it just kind of lights up a bit, and it gives a faint glow. So if you have all the lights off in your living room, you'll, you'll temporarily see it. Because usually you're not fooling around for it for more than what ten seconds. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh right, the Mm-hmm. I was gonna say, Exactly. It the it might be perceived as tacky, glow-in-the-dark. It's kind of like Eighties neon-style. Um, whereas we're trying to be trendy and fashionable. So Mm-hmm. Mm. That's true. What um Oh sorry. Yeah well, I was just gonna throw out there the thought about um personalising the remote control. Um, it, you, 'cause you mentioned face plates. So I I dunno if there's something that diff, you know like five different face plates. I dunno if this will start making it more complicated, but it could increase the popularity of the, of the remote. Um Yeah, Exactly, like an iPod. Exactly. Or, or like mobile ph. And I dunno if we'd want to go with like T_V_ show themes or something. Like a Bart Simpson faceplate. But Mm-hmm. Exactly. You could start out with three, and if, if we hit it big then we can add some on. Mm-hmm. Right. Right.
";The project manager opens the meeting, asking the industrial designer to present first. The industrial designer begins talking about the functional aspect of the working design and features to make the product unique, such as visibility in the dark, locator alarm, and environmentally-friendly materials. To make an environmental impact, they could use smart materials that can be heated and cooled so that the individual components easily separate to be reused or recycled. The group asks some questions about this idea and then the interface designer presents about technical functions, explaining the difference between a multifunctional and single function remote. The group discusses the two types and decides that a single function design is more suitable for the budget. The marketing expert presents on user requirements by using research done on remote control users. She summarizes these findings andexplains her personal preference for a user-friendly, unique design since certain features could be too complex. The project manager receives some decision-affecting information from management, which she shares with the group. They have a discussion about the remote control functions and close the meeting. 
"Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Should be just loading. Okay. Oh, although I can't see it on my screen. That says go here. Okay. I've been doing some research into the different components that we could use, um what's available to us f to actually make the remote control. Um, first of all we have to look at how the remote control is actually made, and what is it happens inside the casing, which is more your field. Um, thes main internal feature is a circuit board, which contains all the elec electronics and also the contacts with the power source. Which is not necessarily a battery, as we're about to see. Um, there are several components of, um, the circuit board that we need to consider, where we'll be getting them from, what they'll be made of. Um, including the integrated circuit, which is also known as the chip. Which is where all the main information is uh contained. Um, diodes, transistors, resonators, resistors, and capacit capacitors all need to be considered as well. Um, and all their positioning in the circuit. Uh, these, they're all different options, they're all separate, apart from the chip, which we will probable decide whether we buy a simple, a regular, advanced. We can go into that later. Um, all the other things are individual components that we'd have to get in separately, and work out the most, like, effective um circuit, including all the wires and everything like that. And the L_E_D_ of course, that's a light emitting diode. So, we could, so we've got flex flexibility with colours and things, with that as well. Okay, there are lots of different possibilities for the energy source. We could use a basic battery, but that brings with it, like they need to be recharged and the bulk, the size of it as well. And they're not so great to dispose of, environmentally. There's a hand-powered dynamo which is a sort of thing that was used for torches fifty years ago. A bit out of date. Kinetic energy is something that's been recently developed. Um, where you manually charge up the power. Like you wind up something. Sorry? Yeah. Every once in a while I think. But it's Yeah. It would be like going a step back in time. I don't think it would really be with kind of cutting edge technology. Whereas kinetic energy is a new idea that's being used by some watches and other devices, where you just shake the device and it gives it power. I mean, the kinetic energy is transformed into power to make the circuit work. Um, or there's solar power, which we've been considering inside a building, which is where it's gonna be used, might not be quite so useful. But, good to look into, renewable energy, always the way. Um, lots of considerations for the case, like what sort of shape it would be, curved or flat. That's got a lot to do with the ergonomics. Like how it's comfortable and s sits in the hand. We don't want something that's huge and you can't pick up. Or too small. Or too slidy. I know I've had a remote control before which you couldn't tell which was the front and the back, 'cause it had so many buttons on, and the shape was so symmetrical that I'd be pressing like a volume button instead of the on button. Because you can't really see which way round it is. Um, we also can choose what materials um, the we could use metal, we could use rubber which might be more um ideal for the anti-R_S_I_. It's like the same sort of rubber that's used in stress balls and things like that, so it's very like soft, not so stressful on your hands. Wood. Um, again, stepping back in time again there. I don't think that's quite up to date with what we're looking for here. Um, titanium is not gonna be possible, even though it just it beyond our budget really. But, would've been maybe for future projects. Um right our choice for buttons as well. We've developed some we've got some good advances in technology, with our research team have found some uh new multiple um option scroll buttons. I think that was brought up for, um, they're basically quite a flexible design, modern, you don't have to use individual buttons. You can just slide up and down. I'm sure we're all quite familiar with those on mobiles or computer laptop pads. Yeah. That's true. And that would lead to an advanced yeah. If we have yeah. We're going on to that later with the advanc with the L_C_D_ that means we'd need a really advanced chip. And it's unlikely that that's gonna be in our budget. Um, also we've got the integrated pushbutton, which is what we're most familiar with. It's the most straightforward. But you can in like incorporate that with a scroll button as well.. Got decisions to make there. And this is what I was just saying before. Linked in the different depends on what type of buttons we have and the inputs. Um simple would go with the pushbutton. Um, regular you could link with the scroll button. And the advanced we'd have to go with a L_C_D_ s display. My personal preferences? I think we could go for the kinetic energy source. I don't, I think that's quite um an advanced kind of technology. It's not been seen before, so it could be quite a, a novelty factor, attractive as well. And also energy saving 'cause you're producing the energy, you don't need an external sort of battery supply or solar panels. You just give it a shake. Sounds brilliant to me. Rubber casing I thing would probably the best, if we're going for the anti-R_S_I_ and like more choice with um aesthetics. Like it could be pretty much any colour we want. Um, and gives you, yeah, more flexibility there. And probably the regular chip as opposed to the simple, then we could possibly have the scroll and the push, but no L_C_D_, 'cause we probably can't afford that one. Mm-hmm. I think that would, uh there would be an in sort of more internal casing. And the rubber would just be the, what's in contact with the human. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe if the, um, if it was just kind of a, more of a rubber coating which was on to a case. So, it was kind of, the whole thing would be removable. Yeah. Like I can't think of what. Yeah. Or like an you can get sort of outer casing for iPods and something, that's just it's protective as well. It, it stops it, I mean, it would reduce the impact if it was dropped or something, as well, 'cause it wouldn't damage itself so easily. I think i maybe a mixture of both there, maybe. Yeah. And then yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As far as I know. It should be. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I thought that was Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like as a backup for something. Yeah. Yeah. Some alternative just in case something went wrong. That's true. I just thought of that. Yeah. Yeah. May maybe that could be the backup. Instead of a battery. Like solar backup. Yeah. I suppose s but some But thing is, it's not you don't need the solar all the time. It can be stored. It can be like you can have the solar energy and then it can store that energy and use it. It just needs to be in light for a certain amount of time per day. Like a few hours a day.. That's true. It could easily Yeah. I suppose it would be really annoying if you get to think, oh no, I forgot to charge my remote today. Like if the kinetic thing, I think what's best about that is that it's instant energy. You don't have to, you know, you can shake it a few times, or whatever. And it works. Yeah. Instead of you don't have to like make sure it's in the right place to charge and. K okay. Yeah. There we go. it wasn't on mine either. I don't know why. I think, I just, I just used the mouse on there. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. So I suppose sometime after you. Mm. I s I suppose where um mm on some buttons you would have like the power would be s some kind of symbol. And if you wanted to go onto teletext or, I know we're not having that, but I mean a similar thing, you, they have there's a like little picture with a screen with lines across it, which I suppose it's that sort of thing like the, the symbol on the button. But if we're having a simplified display anyway, w that, we probably won't have to focus so much on that. It'll be more the on the numbers and the volume. I suppose we need to think of symbols for like the volume, display, and stuff like that. I For inp Mm. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. That's in like the buttons with all the different like colours for different choices and things. It can be a bit, yeah, overwhelming. Yep. Oh. I'd assume, like, an internal light, that comes through. So there would have to, have to be some parts maybe transparent around the buttons, or something. Yeah, yeah. It should be able to mm-hmm. Li yeah. Mm-hmm. I think it would be possible. I don't think it would make that much difference. I mean, the uh the dimensions of it. 'Cause if it's just like constructed in the same way as like the front cover of a mobile phone. You can like take off the hard cover and then there's the like say the buttons. And then you get to the circuit. I don't think it would matter that the buttons were bigger through the, the top casing. I'm sure you could f work it out to fit in the casing, without causing too much difficulty. I'm sure that'd be fine. Okay. You're not plugged in yet. Mm. It is strange. Well We I think we possibly could take a more abstract design. Like look at the basic shapes of different fruits and vegetables. And then just really like strip it down to like really basic shapes. I mean we don't have to make something in the shape of a strawberry, but it could have the curves of a strawberry, or something. Or a strawberry seed or a leaf. Or just like you know really make it a quite abstract, if that's fits in more with what we're doing. Instead of fruits and vegetables, just if you look at it straightforward, it's a bit yeah. It doesn't s quite fit in with the trendy well, obviously it does, if that's the current theme. But may maybe we could go more directly, I don't know. But initially, I dunno. I think if we just sort of tone it down a bit. Yeah and like not, not yeah. Mm. Yeah. I didn't for the first one. But I have now. Yeah. Uh, hopefully. Project documents I think. Okay. 'Kay. Kinetic yeah. Are we going to have a backup? Or do we just I think maybe we could just go for the kinetic energy, and be bold and innovative, and hope this works, and well hope that it works. I think yeah. I think no. I, I think we should just like take uh advantage of like using this to its full potential. Go for it. It could be fully kinetic energy. Yeah. Is everyone happy with that? Yeah. Um, it was whether we went for the simple, the regular, or the advanced chip. And that linked in with what buttons we would gonna have, so Yeah, it was so that was without the L_C_D_. So that means we're not doing the advanced. So it depends on whether we wanted the scroll buttons or just the push buttons. Uh, so that's the simple. Yeah possibly. So, it's probably gonna be the regular chip that we're going to need. So it's a medium. So regular chip. Regular sorry. Regular chip. Lighting. Yeah if we because of the lighting that we've decided to put in as well. So th I think this is just like gonna be the a very outer case, which we will decide on rubber. Rubber. Yeah. Plastic rubber coat. Interchangeable, yeah. Still going for that. Yeah. Your screen? Was it Ouch. The power. Volume. May yeah. Tone, contrast, and things. That's a bit Yeah, it was minima well, it wasn't the l Yeah. That would be good. Yeah, and surely that would be like quite specific to the individual television, so Mm. I think most of that comes like on the i individual television set itself, doesn't it? I'm sure it has its own buttons, so you don't necessarily need to have it on remote. Yeah. So we're just going for power, channels, volume, Mm. I've Yeah, that's it. We can just go for, make it a selling point that it is just the basic. Yeah uh I brilliant. Mm-hmm. Okay. Um, I just have one question about the whole fruit and vegetable aspect. Are we seeing as that was the most popular thing that came up out of your market research, I thi I think we should keep to that rather than moving to animals or something, because even if that may not seem obvious to us, if that's what the surveys brought out, I think that we should probably go along with that. Um, so I suppose that'll come out in our dev design development. But you're happy to go ahead with the fruit and veg? Y Yeah. We can have a look at those ideas, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tricky. A lot of things to consider. Hm. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. W Like plastic with rubber, kind of on top Well, there's, there is a certain phone that has like a rubber casing, b like a Nokia it is. It's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, tha Backup. Yeah. That would be good yeah. Maybe we could you were saying about um solar power ma maybe not working indoors, but a lot of calculators, yeah, have solar power. So maybe that could be incorporated as Yeah. Do, do those calculators yeah. I don't know how it works. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I suppose. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks. Oh. It's not on my screen. Why? You don't know why? Oh okay. Is it that one? Um, I'm just gonna go through the interface concept with yous now. Uh, first of all I'll explain what a user interface is. It's the aspects of a computer system which can be seen or otherwise perceived, for example, heard or felt maybe, or by the human user. And it's also the commands that the user uses to control its operation and to input data. Um, there are two types of user interfaces. There's the graphical user interface, which emphasises the use of pictures for output and a pointing device, for example a mouse for input control. So that's sort of like the scroll thing we were talking about. Yeah. I'm not really sure about the pictures that maybe that's on an L_C_D_ screen. Or maybe it's the the buttons or pictures or something. Do you think it's Yeah. Yeah. So you must, for the graphical user you must need some kind of presentation for the graphics. Like an L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No I think it's to do with the actual symbols that are on the, that's on the buttons of the remote control, and per Well it could be a wee scroller thing, and something could come up on the screen. Yeah. But um I think we're gonna go with the command interface anyway, to make it more simplistic. But the, we could incorporate some of the graphical user um points, as in just to make it m um nicer to look at maybe. Like I can't think of an example, but Sort of like little pictures rather than Like a little sound. Instead of saying volume, like a little speaker or something. Yeah, something y Yeah m perha yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Um, the co uh we've decided that the command interface would be the most useful for a remote control. As it would be less complicated, and the controls would be more user-friendly. Um, the remote control would be cheaper to design, so that we'd have more money in the budget to, um, target the design area of the interface. You know, make it more trendy and original. We'll have more money if we keep it simple. Yeah. Seeing as it's quite a new technology. Um We, we also have to keep in mind when we're designing our, um, more user-friendly remote control, that a lot of interfaces consist of a clutter of buttons, that, um, that their functions, colours and forms aren't always helpful. Yeah. Yeah. And that all interfaces are different. So, um, that doesn't improve the use of the produ product, so we need to come up with something that's easy to understand. And maybe learn from the mistakes of other interfaces that can be too complicated for people to use. Does anyone have any questions? Mm. But um Yeah. In the phone that I was thinking of as well, when you change the um covers of it, the, the little buttons that actually, you know, that contro control stuff, are behind the rubber. So you can change the buttons when you're changing the faces. Do you know what I mean? 'Cause it's just the wee control, yeah, thing that's behind it. So I mean, we don't have to decide on one colour. Each face could have its own colour of buttons maybe? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's everything, then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or banana-shaped. Yeah. Where do you have to save it to? Okay. Just escape I think. Yeah. Yeah. Hope so. Yeah. Yeah. I don yeah. Yeah. It's for the lighting, yeah. Yeah. Yeah plastic coat. We decided on the component. I, I I'm sorry, I've lost my um PowerPoint thing, so I can't remember what it's ca it's the component The command inter The command line interface yeah. Yeah. Um, I think that is well we haven't really made any decisions about what we're gonna do about the cluster of button functions, colours and forms, in the in consistent use. Like what what are ideas to combat these problems? You know how um different interfaces are very different, and can be confusing because because of their difference, and because of the different clusters of buttons that they have. We haven't really decided what to do about that. Well it's just um w where where shall we locate the buttons. What kind of functions wi shall we have? So pretty just just the basic button functions. Yeah. Yeah, each television. You don't change that often, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It w it would seem silly if we'd having anything else, just have an audio button though. Do you know? But we Yeah. That could be a sales pitch. Simple and Yeah. Yeah. What I What I was thinking what do yous think of this? Um, having the numbers kind of like, not a bunch of grapes, but you know like purple and kind of in a triangle. Like grapes. Like that's kind of fruity or something. That's just Yeah. Okay.
Yes. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Like the skin? Yeah. Okay. So the actual remote would be hard plastic and the casings rubber. Okay. And the buttons obviously are rubber. Okay. Mm-hmm. I guess it's a bit scary 'cause it hasn't been done before. So it seems we'd have to do more research on it. Or I dunno if you could have a battery pack. Yeah so there's there is a one battery, because most remotes use two batteries I believe. So, if it was running off of one battery as a Right. Although it needs some light, doesn't it? So, if we're doing yeah. If we're Yeah. Yeah. I think sometimes it's just shoved under, under a cushion, and yeah. Yeah. So it's just draf graphical for the pointing aspect? The infrared is like, that's considered a Okay. So when it says pointing device that doesn't include Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. I think if we go with the um design plate thing, we'll have to. Just because of colour clashing, and if we wanted to, so and, and we might, I mean, depending on what comes out of the design, we might have to stick to just black buttons. You mean different colours for the lighting or Mm-hmm. Oh I see what you're saying. Well y Oh so you're picturing the light is coming from the back. I kinda pictured it as kind of coming from the sides and lighting it up frontwards. But, but I guess, you mean from the back. Okay. Okay. Right. Mm-hmm. Oh. Yeah. They, they insert over. Okay. T Okay is that my turn then? Alright. I have a shorter report for you today. Um, it took a while to get this, uh Uh. Oh. That's a very good point. Okay, so um, this report is about uh trend-watching. Um, basically so we can live up to our, our uh purpose of having a very fashionable remote control. Sorry. There we go. Um So, just so you know, my method was mainly web web-based research this time around. I also spoke with fashion experts in Milan, New York and Paris. And I looked at the design reports from previous years, here at Real Remote. Um, just so c we can work off of them, see how fashions have changed. Um, so I'll list the three most important aspects that I've come across. Um, and they, they're each more important than the one that comes after it. Uh, the first one is that there should be a fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look-and-feel. Um, this should be our priority, as we've been saying. The second most important aspect is that a remote sh that the remote control should be technologically innovative. So, I think we've done a lot of talking about that, just with lighting and the buttons and the face-plates. Um, so it looks like we'll be able to keep on track with that. And the third most important aspect is that the remote control should be easy to use. So, pretty basic there. And the recent fashion update, uh, according to fashion-watchers in Paris and Milan, is that fruit and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes, shoes and furniture. Um, also, in contra uh in contrast to last year, the feel of the material is expected to be spongy. Again, we've already discussed that with rubber versus hard plastic buttons. Um So, my personal preferences here, um of course, as we, we've already talked about the personal face-plates in this meeting, and I'd like to stick to that. The fruits and vegetable themes, I don't know if that's going to work for us. It sounds something that you'd use on kitchenware. I don't know if we wanna do it on remotes. It could be one of the options. Maybe for the television that people have in their kitchen. Um, the temporary light-up idea, sounds like we're gonna stick to that. And then, uh, tying in a trendy look with user-friendliness. Mm-hmm. It's, it's a little but it, it's everywhere. So maybe we I've seen a lot of purses with olives on them, you know. But I I think, I think if we stick to T_V_ based, you know, maybe T_V_ shows, or Or colour schemes. Right. Yeah. The The essence of strawberry. Yeah. I guess, yeah. One thing I was thinking though is I dunno if you all remember from our kickoff meeting, we talked about our favourite animals. So maybe there could be animal-based, you know. Because a lot of people have a house cat. Or, or a dog. Um, that might be getting, you know, too specific, and we should see what the success of the first face-plates are. But it's something to keep in mind. And, did you have any questions? Pretty straightforward? Okay. There you go. Have you guys been saving your PowerPoint presentations to the okay. The PowerPoint? So So if it's not working they just have to shake it a bit and that revitalises it? Okay. Mm-hmm. Oh, is regular not simple? Right right right. Think it was called command interface. Command interface,. Mm-hmm. That was on, um one of my presentations. About how often it was used. Do you remember that? I w Should I bring it up? The ch t Screen settings was used um zero point five times an hour. So tw twice every once every two hours. Um, and it was considered a one point five relevance, on a scale of ten. That's brightness, colour, tone, all that. Mm-hmm. The other one was audio settings. Mono, stereo, pitch. I mean I sometimes use that. Some T_V_s will have the option of like living room style, movie style, um and that, they say that's used zero point eight times an hour, which is actually somewhat high. Like almost once an hour. Um, relevance of two. Well that didn't some up on mine. Oh. Yeah I guess that it affects the marketing, 'cause it, mm it is a good sales ploy to say, aren't you annoyed with remote controls that have all these buttons. This one has channel, volume and your channe and your power. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Now do you guys need want an idea of how many uh are you gonna come up with casing ideas? Like f five different Mm-hmm. Yeah you can have some fun with the buttons, it's true. Yeah. I guess what you i ideally you'd kind of think of age markets as well. So it's a something that will, you know, appeal to the fifteen to twenty five year olds. Something that your granny would want on her remote control. Um, and international tastes as well, so Not easy. Okay.
Is everyone ready to start? Okay. Great. Well, welcome to the third meeting of conceptual design. I'll just get the PowerPoint presentation up and running. Okay. Um, on the agenda for this, um, for this particular meeting, we'll have your three presentations on what you've done since our last meeting, after we came up with um some general ideas of our design. And, um, then we have to make some key decisions on, on our remote control concept, and how we're gonna make it, what uh materials we're gonna use, and that sort of thing. The meeting will be forty minutes long. And um we will once again have Poppy as our first presenter. Alright, and I will switch up PowerPoint. Okay. Um Are they all included, like mandatorily, or r are these different options? Yeah. Mm. Um What is a hand-powered dynamo? Just every, every once in a while? Just every once in a while or constantly? Alright. It'd be kind of strange to always be cranking it I think. No. Right. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Um one thing with the scroll buttons though. It, it we would have to have an L_C_D_ um display, and the glow in the dark thing might be difficult. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Um, one concern with the rubber casing is that it would be rubber encapsulating all of these chips and diodes and delicate technology as like as the exterior. This is the one thing that's protecting its innards. Yeah. Another thing is it might be more difficult if it's a rubber exterior talking about putting on interchangeable plates. Um, is it I don't see how a like a rubber plate going on top it would stay there. Like if it was sort of like a clip-on plastic plate. It would work that way. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. So maybe the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That sounds good. I, um, is it possible to put designs onto this type of rubber? Okay, we'll just say yeah. Yes, just why not. Alright. I like the kinetic energy source idea. Um, I don't know when people will, um, be moving a remote around a lot. But I think that it's worth it, kinetety, kinetic um energy source. It could make an we could have any kind of style. It wouldn't be as heavy or bulky, and Yeah. Just for environmental reasons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can watch a T_V_ in the dark then. Yeah. I think that might be a little impractical though. Yeah. Like people don't wanna have to worry about that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or just like pick it up when you're gonna use it. Yeah. Alright. Cool. 'S that the end of your presentation. Alright. Thank you. Yeah. That's um Oh. Okay. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause I'm sorry? Um, because command interface requires you to type textual commands and input at a keyboard, so the numbers are sort of like a keyboard. You're pressing the numbers for, um, for what you want. Yeah, we'll be doing Yeah. It'd be more a command interface, and then Yeah. Hmm? Yeah. I think they're talking about L_C_D_ type things. Yeah. Yeah. What do you mean? Oh yeah, like how the buttons Yeah, as a button though. So, it's a keyboard in the shape of it, right? Okay. Yeah. I like that idea. Yeah. I'm sure i like kinetic energy would probably dip into the budget. A bit more too, yeah. Mm-hmm. Do you think that we should keep all the buttons to one same colour, just to keep it, give it a simplistic look. Yeah. Yeah. But what about the lighting up effect? Um, well, um, I thought we had um decided that we would if you touched one of the buttons they'd all light up. And so if they were black, it wouldn't be possible for them to light up. If they were white they would glow, probably. If they were made out of rubber. Oh. Where would the light come from? Yeah. Yeah, and well rubber is a more translucent product too, so we have that taken care of. Oh. Mm. Well, if they're raised up buttons. So that you can feel them. We were talking about it being more um, a lot more tangible. Um, it might be more difficult to do. If they're, if they're sticking up. If it's flat then, like o like on a cellphone or a mobile phone, it's like all very flat, and you just have to sort of press down on these tiny little buttons, but Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright. If it's do-able we can do. Yeah, sounds good to me. Alright, thank you. That means you're up. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it's the fruits and vegetables is the only area that I find rather jarring. Everything else we can really, we can really um, do, according to our plans already, given the market. But fruits and vegetables seems a very strange idea for a remote control. Yeah. Yeah. But they still need to um fit into people's decor though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Tone it down. Yeah, like more like photos of fruit, on, on our product. Mm-hmm. Yeah um Alright, given that information, we need to start making some more specific decisions. So I'll need to um hook up the PowerPoint again. But it's still around right? Okay. Okay. I'm just trying to make this pop up now. Alright. Here we go. Okay so we have to uh decide now exactly what we are going to do. So energy, we oh. Oh no I can't write it in when it's in this setting. Does anyone know how to take it out of Um, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Um, so back to decisions. Energy, we've decided on kinetic, right? Okay, so that's good. Hmm. But would a backup really be necessary? I mean will people just use the battery if there's no, if there's, if there is backup. Yeah. Yeah. There's like no reason why it wouldn't work, right? Yeah. It could even be one of our selling points. Yeah. Yeah. Environmentally conscious or something. Yeah. Alright, the next um decision is chip on print. I don't exactly know what that means. Right, and we were going for more simplistic style, right? Yeah. I think we decided on the pushbuttons, right? Yeah. Would we need a more advanced one for uh the lighting, the interior lighting system? Yeah? Okay. That's called medium, or regular? 'Kay. Okay, and cases. Um, does this, is this dependent on shape, or what it's made of, or what? Yeah. Well, I guess plastic and coated in rubber. Plastic with rubber coating and interchangeable um yeah, interchangeable plates. Okay. User interface concept. This is your time to shine. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Command interface. Did you say command line? Okay. Line interface. Alright, and supplements. What's that all about? Um Mm-hmm. Um, what are our choices here? You mean like we'll have the numbers of the channels, and we'll have the channel-changer, and volume, and power? Um Yeah. Like I don't know if we should go into like adjusting light levels, things like that, because different televisions will have Um, yeah. Yep. Yeah, it was hardly ever used really. Yeah. And most televisions will come with a remote. Yeah. 'Kay, well we know we want numbers. Yeah, it does. Yeah, and different televisions. Like we, I don't know if we can make a remote that would be universal to all the different kinds of changes like that. Volume. Yeah. Oh. We have five minutes to finish our meeting. Crap. Okay, um, let's do this fast. Um Should we have audio? It only comes up on mine usually. Yeah, I don't, I it's, it's a problem with the international uh appeal, I think. Um, if we have audio because we don't know how other televisions work. But we know that everyone has this and it's the same. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Good. And, okay, in closing, 'cause we only have five minutes. We'll be meeting again in thirty minutes. Um, you'll be working, Poppy will be working on the look-and-feel design. Wait a minute. Is that right? Yep, and um the user interface design, so this is where the trendy stuff comes in. And you'll be evaluating the product. Um, Poppy and Tara will have to work together, using modelling clay. And, um, your personal coach will give you the rest of the information of what needs to happen. Alright. So, anyone else have something to say? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. five.. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Lots of yeah. Alright. 'Kay we'll stick to the fruit and veggie theme then. Alright. And, um, we'll reconvene in thirty minutes. 'Kay. Bye. I'll see you later. Oh, what did I just do. Okay.
";The project manager opens this conceptual design meeting and gives them the agenda. The industrial designer presents first and talks about the components of a remote, energy source options, and materials for the remote, case, and buttons. The interface specialist presents the interface concept by explaining the difference between graphical and command interface. They decide the command interface is most useful for a remote because it is simpler and more user-friendly. The group discusses aspects of the user interface including the lighting up effect and material of the buttons. The marketing expert presents on trend-watching and talks about how fruit and vegetables are an important fashion theme this year, and says the material used is expected to be spongy. The group discusses how they could implement these fashion trends into the design, then finalizes a few decisions about the components, materials, and energy sources. The project manager closes the meeting, stating what each member's next task will be. 
"Okay. Here we go. Alright, the agenda for thi oh. Alright. Um the agenda for this meeting is um we'll initially have the prototype presentation by our two designers. And then we will evaluate it, given the criteria that um that we gave gave it. And um talk about our finances, whether we were under or over our budget. I have a um a spreadsheet where we can calculate um our prices for every aspect of of what we've made, given our options. And um evaluate the product, as a group. And um So first we'll have the prototype presentation. Do you need the um PowerPoint for this? Alright. On? A mango. Okay. Oh. Okay. Oops. Yeah. Notice you have a number ten button. Okay. No problem. Ah. Oh. You press a plus button? Oh okay. I've never heard of that kind before. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. I But Would you have to go zero plus one if you wanted to go to channel one or two? Yeah but I mean if you press, it'll go to that channel right away. 'Cause you gotta press the plus afterwards. Yeah I know, but if if I wanna go to say number like sixty five, channel sixty five, if I press the six it'll go to channel six, and then I'll press the plus, and then it'll go to six and then put the five and it'll go to sixty five? I th Um Yeah it wouldn't be a problem. But I was just wondering like as long as we realise that's what it'll do. Yeah. C_ and V_. Right, where um where's the power button? Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Oh okay. Yeah. Ergonomic, definitely ergonomic. The spon yeah. Yeah. Bit of a stress ball feel. Yes. I would. My goodness. There you go. Genevieve? Yeah. And something hmm. Oh right. Yeah. It looks more Think like vanilla and banana would. Okay yeah. Kinda Christmas, you know. Yeah. Cool. Alright, thank you very much. Good work everyone. Alright. And so now that we've we have a prototype, uh we need to go over the finances and seeing if this prototype matches uh what our budget can handle. So, I have something I'm going to Oh wait a minute. Do you need to do a presentation first? Yeah. I'm gonna check that out for a second. What time is it anyw Oh yeah sorry you're right. Evaluation criteria is next in line. Yeah. Just press um function eight again. And then again I think. One more time. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Ooh. Yeah. The look is a little bit more playful. Oh definitely different yeah. Oh you were only given red and black? Oh okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's mango. It's mango. Yeah. I would say two. Personally. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'd say maybe three. Yeah we want it simple. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Yeah. One. Th The plus number thing. Yeah colour will definitely be a factor. I think that the logo could be smaller. And maybe not such a prominent way. Maybe like at the bottom, kind of. Oh it just had to be on there I guess. I like the appeal of it being like a big glob in your hand. Maybe if the bottom was just sort of flat, and then the rest is like round. It would still be comfortable I think. We c we could handle it I think. Ah it'd fall over all the time though. It'd be annoying. 'Kay we're done designing. Come on. I think, it was another colour and it was like I think it'd look okay. I think maybe a two. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Durable. But you're our Marketing Expert. Oh. Exactly. Exactly. Yeah. I would give it a two still though. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have the alarm system. I thought the light from the inside was gonna light up. Or or was it gonna make a noise? You press the button it makes a noise right? Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. I though w it was gonna make a noise. Okay. Oh okay. Whoo. Okay. Yeah, totally. No problem, mm. Totally. Yeah. Yeah, so it's just like channel six, six, enter. Yeah but you don't have to press zeros. And then like twelve, enter. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. It's like right in the Your thumb might get a little bit uh Yeah. But it is soft. And that's kind of what the um the PowerPoint slide thing said would be good for R_S_I_, so maybe it is but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes we did. Well, yeah the colours are yellow and grey. So it could be grey on the banana one. Yeah. Mm, yeah. Hum. I would say so. But maybe more like two 'cause there's no like pictures of fruit, it's just sort of naming it by a fruit. With the with the colours. Yeah. Yeah. That's fashionable in itself to have interchangeable plates. Be like Yeah. Maybe if it was scented. Yeah we have money for that. Um Alright so based on this evaluation, do we average them out sorta thing? Oh. I would say two. One point nine or something? I don't know these things. Um, between one and two. Alright. Yeah. I'm attempting to do that right now. Yeah it is one point nine. Ooh. Go Heather Pauls. Yeah. Alright, now with that over and done with, our next step is to see if we are under budget. And um my computer's frozen. And now it's not. Okay. So um in our shared folder, if everyone could go there right now, um I'm going to um steal a cable. Um it's it's um it's an Excel file. Oh. Yeah. 'Kay there we go. Um, production costs. And um I have to access that as well. One moment. 'Kay so far I've added what I think or what is going on? Great. It's blinking at me. It's locked for editing. Read only. I'm gonna open up a second one then 'cause it's locked for editing. I have the original in my um my email account. I dunno. No. No, I was hoping that you guys could. Um, there we go. Okay here we go. So we need to tally up how much our w our product will be costing. So um if you can look up at the screen, um the large screen, oh I guess looking at your own too and telling me which one you think. Okay we're using kinetic which is quite a large expense at three Euros. Um we're using a regular chip. Um, it's cur it's double curved, so its curved all around. That's another three. We're already at five. Um, we're using plastic and rubber, so Good thing plastic is free, we're at eight. Um S Yeah. I guess we should do it just for one kind. So it's like special colour well we'll have two colours right? Well one colour for the case, one colour for the buttons. So we can Um, we have push button interface, so that's inexpensive. And um we have a special colour for the button, and we also have a special form. And a special material. Which puts us just barely under budget. Hurray. Yeah. Good work guys. So um our operating cost is twelve twenty Euros. Awesome. And back to our PowerPoint. So we've 'Kay. Yes we are. So we need to do a product evaluation, again, which is probably um I dunno. A different extension of a Hmm. Yeah 'cause we're talking about leadership, teamwork. Yeah. Alright so um Do you guys feel like there was room for creativity? Pushed for creativity? Ye Okay. So it'd be like need more time and materials. But you were allowed m creativity? I think so as like but you were supposed to have creativ Right. Right Okay Great. Leadership? Is this me being like, guys do you like me? Um. Yeah. Yeah. Oop Okay. Teamwork? I think we worked great as a team. Yeah? Alright how were our means? We needed more Play Doh colours. Yeah. But ever everything else was satisfactory? Is that good Yeah? New ideas found. I don't really know what that means. Hmm? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Each other's Mm. Okay? Well with that achieved, our last slide is our closing slide. Yes our costs are within budget. It's evaluated generally positively. And um don't forget to complete final questionnaire and meeting summary. Then we celebrate in such a way that I have no idea. Alright? Okay, bye.
Um This is what we came up with. It's a pretty simple design. It's um based on a mango? Yeah. And we Yeah. And we have the company logo here and this will be the infrared here and this'll be the power point, the on off button kind yeah. It's in the middle of one of the little R_s. And then the other one is the power. And uh we just have a simple design. We wanted it all to be accessible from your thumb yeah palm-held and all the buttons are accessible from your thumb. So you don't have to Oh that was a mistake, wasn't it? Right no, that's a zero. Take that one off. Sorry. I was in charge of the numbers. And this is just if you've got like eleven or twelve or thirt the plus. You can go one, three or something. You press that first and then you go one three yeah. Well we just thought, we have all the numbers here, so we wanted something representative of numbers larger than ten and So the plus and then yeah. No no, th all that's why we have all these numbers. These numbers um these numbers all work independently up to nine. Yeah. Oh no. Uh, the plus is only for if you're going past the number nine. You p Oh. No you press the plus first. I I well it doesn't we haven't really s I would've thought you pressed the plus first and then the six five, but she says plus press which what do you think is simpler? It's a Yeah. Yeah. Oops. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So A channel. Just so we can flick It's in the middle of one of the little R_s. Yeah, so it's all accessible. Without m taking your hand off the remote. And it might actually help with the repetitive stress injury as well. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Of Play Doh yeah. 'Cause it'd be quite subtle and Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The pomegranate's kinda girly and funky kind of, and then the vanilla's more for the more sophisticated customer who just wants something that fits in with all decor. Yeah. Mm. Well Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so not very sleek and we don't wanna go for black because most remote controls are black or grey. So we want it to be stand out that way, anyway. Yeah. A metallic-y finish we were thinking. Polished. Okay Yeah. We we were we were thinking about yeah. I w I'd say two I think. Fanciness. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. I'll go for three as well. No. Wouldn't be simple, yeah. Yeah. Yeah very. I think one for that. Yeah. No. Yeah that's the only thing yeah. It's definitely Yeah. But the Remember the management said that it it had to be prominent. Yeah. Yeah. But you know what I've just thought of there now. What where's it gonna sit in your living room? Is it not gonna fall off the arm of the sofa? Yeah. But then it wouldn't sit as comfortably in your hand. Yeah. Oh that would be nice. Yeah. Three. You would though, 'cause it's bit it's more interesting than other remotes. Yeah. Yeah. I think we have to market it in the right way, that um to say that it is simplistic. So people don't just see it and think, uh, this is so simplistic, I don't want to spend twenty five Euros. We have to market it. And the kinetic energy part. Yeah. Don't shake Oh no the plus. You're use the zero. Make a new one. I think they're about ten po ten pound, aren't they? About ten pounds. Fifteen? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I think it does very well. The zap yeah. Uh Yeah. Yeah the bu when you press the alarm system, the lights behind the and it'll vibra It'll be again in the marketing. Yeah. The light it will. But But both Yeah. Oh, that would be brilliant. I'd be tempted to Yeah. It would have to be in the market Yeah but you still couldn't see it. It would just be a little speaker on the back or something. So the plu the plus w once that's written down on the page that'll be really simple, won't it? Yeah. That kind of annoys me though, when it's zero six when you have to press I don't know why. Oh okay. Right. Alright, aye. Yeah. I'd say w yeah one. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. But if you're zapping yeah. I don't think it will f Yeah, the biology. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. I I'd say t two. Yeah. Yeah. N We we can't really do that because for example on the banana theme we can't have it as being yellow. It won't stand out. So n it's not always gonna be the same colour. Gray, yeah. Yeah, could be grey. Yeah that's right, we didn't even rea Yeah. Perhaps a metallic or or like that's grey, and it wouldn't be that expensive to have a little bit of metal. No? That isn't rubber. Okay. Following that briefing we did. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think w yeah, I think one. Well that was our brief and we followed the brief. Well we haven't got a big banana but Oh yeah. No. No. Oh that would be class. Yeah. Two. It's Yeah. Close to two. Yeah. I got Yeah, 'cause we've a four to bring down. Uh, aye. Yeah. Uh, should've added five. This is. Yay. Is that the project document? Yeah. Oh right. What about a special colour? Are we using that? Yeah. And a special material. Yeah. That's good. Yeah. The ma Or materials. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Creativity. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it c it might've been bigger. Yeah. I'm actually not sure if I've saved my presentations. Yeah. Through discussion. Yeah. And we were a able to modify each other's ideas to fit in with our areas of expertise. If if it if it If it can be afforded. Yeah. Yay. Yeah.
I'm sorry. What was the where's the L_E_D_? Oh. Okay. Oh, there's no e okay. Okay. Sixty. Well the there is a there's a delay on remotes I think. Where you can have it it's like a five second input time. So as long as you hit them dada it should be fine. As long as there's not a big pause between the t hitting the two buttons. Was there so on the top there is volume and Channel up volume up. Okay cool. Yeah. It's the R_. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Oh it's nice. Oh I think I killed the five. I did. I killed the four. Oh god. Oh it smells good. Bravo You want the I don't know what order it goes in. I have one. Evaluation cri Okay. That's me. Hello. Oh there we go. Okay. Come on my computer. Come on. Sorry my computer's giving me technical difficulties. Should I press it again? Last time I did that it sh Okay. You're right. Oh. Still not there. Okay now I think for this one I could Would you guys prefer use the whiteboard or mayb maybe I'll just do it on right on the screen where you can see it. Um, we're gonna be doing an evaluation report together based on the protoptype that we've just seen. Um and looking looking back at my notes from our both our conceptual and our functional meetings, um I made a list of what our original requirements and goals were, um, back to our kick-off meeting this morning. Um, and we'll evaluate as to whether we've s done what we set out to do. Um and we're gonna do it on a one to seven scale where one is true and seven is false. So basically the lower p the lower the points the better. Okay so question number one. Does the remote whoops. Sorry. Oh I'm not gonna be able um, I'll do it on the whiteboard. I can't change it so I'm g I'm gonna ask you to push it down once. I'll write down our scores up on the Okay so number one. Do we have a fancy look-and-feel? Yeah I guess that depends on your definition of fancy, but it's definitely different. It's not your traditional yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I kinda I like the potato look. It's very different. It's what? Oh sorry the mango the mango look. Yeah it is, fruit or vegetable depends on your mood. So I myself would say a one or a two. It's a two? Okay, and p One being true. So Two. Okay, actu that's pro that's gonna get confusing, like that. Okay so question number two was is it techn technologically innovative? So I know we have the kinetic energy which is very innovative. Use of the rubber, the use of the L_E_D_. Isn't Mm-hmm. Yeah. And I think I mean it it's tough to say because we were we didn't want it to be any more innovative than this, because then that would've defeated the purpose. So I mean I we'll put three, but I think we actually reached our goal. We didn't want it any more than that. Okay question number three. Uh, will it be easy to use? Yeah. Yeah. S Yeah I think it's you can't really get confused with that. I mean, there'll be s we have to work out the uh number the plus system. But once that's figured out, it should be fine. Number four. Is this a good-looking remote? Remember that seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Mm-hmm. Whoops. Should just not touch it. This time it's the three I killed. I was just wondering if it should be like flatter. Or Well Yeah the bottom could be like ch chopped a bit. Oh. That's true. Maybe, it could it could be on the bottom, so you wouldn't loo like if it's flat here, so it sits up. Like that. I g If it's weighted maybe. Details, details. Okay. So, is this a good-looking remote? Would we wanna show it off to our friends? Yeah. Yeah? I mean I gue yeah, it's personal taste, but Yeah. Okay, so should we say two for that? Yeah? Okay. Uh, question number five. What's um will people be willing to spend twenty five Euros on this product? Remember that eighty percent of users were willing to spend more money when a remote control looked fancy. Mm-hmm. Yeah it the marketing will have a lot to do with it. Shake it and the buttons fall off. No, I guess, I don't know much about the remote control industry, how much your average sells for, but I know I am, aren't I? But you don't have to buy batteries. So in the long term this can actually save you money. So we'll market it that way too. So yeah I think with a good marketing scheme um and the personalisation options, it'll Yeah. Okay number six. Can someone read it out? Or Um yeah. So that was mainly that the statistics we said Mm-hmm. Yeah I guess the I think the key word there is average, 'cause there were some people that used the uh video input and sound and stuff. But they're not you and I really. So. Okay so one? Okay. Number seven. C Heather could you push it down? Will this remote control be easy to find when lost? Remember that fifty percent of users lose their remote regularly. Now is there the is the alarm system still was it implemented? It turns into a duck and starts quacking. Here I am. Um Okay. We oh you're just explaining why it's not on the prototype. But yeah, it'll be there. So we can we could say that We can give it a one, because compared to every other remote ever m ever made, this one will be easier to find. Okay. Um Question number eight. Will it be easy to learn how to use this remote when brand new? Remember that thirty four percent of users usually found it difficult. So it has to be yeah, it's eas they'll pick it up and they'll know what to do. The plus thing needs to be worked on. Yeah. Well Do Does it make more sense for the middle one to be an just an enter button? So then you would have to push two buttons every time at least. You could just press six enter, or one two enter. Yeah. Um, okay so we can we'll say yes it's uh one? Okay. Question number nine. Uh, will it minimise the effects of R_S_I_, which was repeated strain injury? Um, which affected over a quarter of users. S It's soft, and And people could Mm-hmm. I don't know what other options there are. Could I mean, you could hold it in your left hand and d use your index finger. But there's not really any other options unless it's like a keyboard. So, I think we did as as much as you can with a remote control. So, one or two do you think? Two okay. Okay number ten. Did we somehow incorporate the company colour and logo? Now is the colour gonna be there even if it's like vanilla? Is the yellow Mm-hmm. It sounds like the colour's something that we But I mean the yell yeah d yellow's ugly though, depending on the So I think we'll have to talk to our executive managers, and see if we can get away with just the R_R_. Okay. Yeah. And the buttons in the middle. Okay. So, do you think that's more of a three then? Three, four? Four? Well we have good reasons for it, so we but we can still put a a four? Okay, and final question. Um, did we stay true to our motto and put the fashion into electronics? Current trends of fruits and veggies, desire for sponginess. Yeah. No, uh, are the plates interchangeable? I think I missed a few they are? So you can have banana and kiwi and okay. Okay, so that's something that's kind of in the making too, like maybe it'll become more Mm-hmm. Yes we do. So I wh what was I gonna put for that? A two for fashion? Okay, so our average there, five, six, eight, ten, eleven, twelve, thirteen, fifteen, nineteen, twenty one, divided by eleven is Between okay. Um. Yeah, that's very good 'cause the highest we coulda got is one. Does that seem right then? Okay. Sorry. Are you gonna do that? Okay. Oh is it locked 'cause I'm in it? Or okay. Mm. 'S good. Mm-hmm. Yeah and the conceptual and functional. Like we were very creative in in coming up with an idea I guess, but m When we can down to it. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Good leadership, I think we stayed on task. Mm-hmm. And the timing was good. We never were pushed for time, or sat around doing nothing, so Was good teamwork. I think we are well-suited to our roles. Oh really? Okay. Yeah. The computer programmes are good. The Yeah. I don't think there was anything Yeah. They'll probably still be there. Um I'm not sure, new ideas found. Yeah well I guess we really it we bounced off of each other, which was cool. Like based on marketing stuff and then you'd say something about interface and yeah, worked well. Mm-hmm. Oh does it have smart materials by the way? Does it have smart materials? Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. By watching T_V_? Mm. Conclusion? Dadada.
Okay. Um yeah. I just got a few slides, so show them. Thank you. Do you want to present it? Yeah, here we are. Mango shape. The L_E_D_. So it's palm-held. Yeah. You just need the nought. So one plus one would be eleven, or Yeah because if you on your average um remote, if you press one twice you just go to um or uh say you wanted channel twelve, you press one, and then you go to channel one, and then two then you'd just go to channel two, instead of twelve. So if you did like one plus two you could go to channel twelve, or two plus two is channel twenty two. Oh. Well I don't mind, we can further define that. I wouldn't have thought it'd be a problem that it went to channel six first, in like on the way to channel sixty five. But I suppose it's not as snappy. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't put it Yeah. Yeah, that yeah. Mm-hmm. Um And channel, which is so you could just go like that without thinking about it, like It's the bigger R_. So it's just like. We deci Yeah um we went for like a a circular design for the numbers because we thought that's kind of a more natural movement than just going like that with your thumb. Uh e ergonomics are all considered. Yeah. It could cause another type of repetitive stress injury though. But yeah, no I mean it's a different movement so yeah. Um and the feel of it, I mean, we've made this out of Play Doh, which is representing the, you know, the rubber, and the spongy rubberness. Um 'cause it was said before in the material specification that this the this anti-R_S_I_ um material is often used in stress balls so this has got a you know a bit of give to it, and it just feels feels different. Would you like to feel it yourselves? How it fits in the palm of your hand? Thanks. And you? O Okay, as for the colours, we were presented with um a limited range of colours for this prototype. But we're thinking that, seeing as we're having it in interchangeable casing anyway, that this is not necessarily a representation of the true colours that we would necessarily use. Or the combination. Um and we're thinking to carry-on with the fruit and vegetable theme, the colour um combination just could just be named after different fruit, like banana could be black and yellow, watermelon red and green, or vanilla might be the most popular if it just uh blends in more settled cream instead of the others are all a bit garish. Banana's more representative of our colour scheme, like the company the yellow and black. So that for corporate identity that would probably be the most strength. I mean watermelon, you know, m probably appealing to the yeah, seasonal. Apple green, brown, more kinda trendy, you know, khaki Yeah. Okay. Um yeah we thought of the components it was definitely um a focus of ergonomics and just a single ha handheld device, I mean you don't need to use both hands, one hand to hold this and type in with the other, you can just use your thumb. Um, as we said the rubber's probably used for comfort and anti-R_S_I_ and that's about it. Mm-hmm. Mm go Feel I think. We've been quite successful with the rubber coating and Yeah. I think the colour has a lot to do with it. I mean th the colours we were given for making the prototype aren't the colours that I think we would've necessarily chosen. It's not the kind of ooh uh at all sleek red, black and yellow, and orange. Um But if you can imagine that in like a s just a maybe uh a kind of pale metallic-y finish or something Well I know know it's for rubber. I mean diff if you can visualise this in nice colours I think it would look quite fancy. Oh well, potato, mango, fruit and veg. Potato's fine. Potato's fine. Yeah. Totally. It's really adaptable. For the fancy I uh two, three. Yeah and the use of the rubber. For the anti-R_S_I_. The L_E_D_ use isn't particularly innovative and we don't have any scroll buttons, it's all pushbuttons, there's no L_C_D_ control, so if we're thinking about the rest of the market, it's sort of probably halfway. In some aspects it is, like we said. Yeah. Though it was our specification. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and perhaps the turning on but Mm. Again I think the colour comes into this. Okay. Not in Don't worry. I suppose I've got quite big hands. Thing is like that, it's not going anywhere particularly. Yeah. Uh yeah, it's less um, what's th ha. H it's got higher centre of gravity like that. I would definitely go for that rather than like your average plain old remote like that, but definitely in another colour, I'm not happy with those colours. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And the kinetic energy, shaker-style-y, whoo, ooh no. But you know, those'll be firmly on. Mm, yeah, that's true. Yeah. Good point. Yeah. Yeah. Does this prototype match the operating behaviour of the average user. Yeah. Because yeah, because the most accessible buttons are the volume and the and the channel-changing. And it's just you won't have to think about it. You don't have to look down to find them. They're clearly there, easy to use. Simple. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. It Yeah l lights on and, or flash as well. But I mean it's not obviously obvious from the outside that that's gonna happen 'cause you can't s particularly see an alarm. Yeah. But when the alarm's not yeah. If you Yeah. You could s Yeah. Well the thing is, if it was had an alarm system, I mean, when it when it lights up as we I mean it could light up when the alarm went. But if it was hidden underneath the cushion or something, there wouldn't be any point. So you can't see the alarm, but it would light up. Yeah. Alarm, but you can't see an alarm inside uh the alarm system itself. Yeah. Yeah. It w yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Sorry Heather. That wasn't very clear. Yeah I think just because it's we've decided to reduce it down to the basic buttons, I think that in itself makes it so much easier to use. Mm. And or sixty six enter, y Yeah I think that's probably more straightforward. Yeah. Good Ooh. Mm. Oh. Injury. Yeah, that's what I was thinking. We may have to do some more research into other strain injuries that we don't know about. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I think we're getting that's true. Mm. I think yeah, I think too. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I think this is the the factor that we've been least successful in confronting. Yeah. Four I think. Well I don't what do what Okay. Yeah. Like um the colour scheme names and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It is. The thing is, I think if somebody saw that and you said what was that inspired from, I don't know if you'd instantly say mango. Oh yeah. There we go. That would be great. Um Okay. It's Between one and two. So that's pretty fantastic. Mm. It seems like it should be more around two. Do we have an online calculator? Okay. Oh wow. Well done. Well that's excellent. Production costs. It says it I think it just means that we can't add any more to it now. Have you have you completed it? Oh right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Double double-curved yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oof. Congratulations guys. Of the actual project rather than the product? A project? Is is yeah. So wh how we actually went round uh about doing it. I think we were pushed. I mean we weren't really given a lot of time, or materials, yeah, to go about our design task. So I think we could've done with a bit more time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well we were just limited by resources really and like if we had decided to use the L_C_D_ screen, and like solar power backup and everything, then we wouldn't have been able to afford that. So that did limit creativity. Just resources. But yeah. The fruit and veg idea. Yeah we did. We've, uh seeing as we've come out with what we intended. A pro um a product within the budget. I think that's a sign of good leadership and also our personal coach helped us along the way, so you know I think it's been fine. Yeah. Good timing. And project manager of course. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah and more Play Doh, 'cause that was all the red we had. So even if we wanted to make a bigger prototype, we wouldn't have been able to. Yeah. It could be really straightforward for the computer. I think the only thing was having to remember to you know to tick the okays but I think I was the only one who struggled with that. Mm. Uh me too. Yeah. Well I think we've all learnt stuff from each other, like the n um yeah. Just about each different. Got new ideas from each other. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry? Oh yeah. Well mm, did it come into the into I dunno if we counted that in the costs. Yes. Uh. Fantastic. Okay, brilliant. Thank you very much.
";The project manager opens the meeting by stating the agenda. The designers give the prototype presentation, showing their simple design that is based on a mango. They point out the company logo and LED, and demonstrate how the device is palm-held and thumb-acessible. They also discuss the numerical, volume, channel, and power buttons as well as the color scheme. The marketing expert administers the product evaluation, and they rate each of the ten criteria on a scale of 1-7. The criteria includes fancy look-and-feel, technological innovation, ease of use, look, whether people would be willing to spend 25 Euros for it, whether its operating behavior matches the average user, ease of finding when lost, ease of learning to use, whether it will minimize RSI, incorporation of company colors and logo, and whether it follows the motto. They average the scores and get 1.9. They check the product costing and find that their operating cost is 12.20 Euros. In evaluating the project process they are pleased with their creativity, leadership, timing, teamwork, discussions, and overall product given the resources they had. They close the meeting by thanking one another. 
"Okay. Oh, that's not gonna work. Oh, alright. Okay. Okay. Um alright. I'll just put that there. Uh as you all know we're here to create a brand new fantastic remote. Uh I'm Nick Debusk, I'm the Project Manager. Uh we'll just get started with everyone kind of letting each other know who they are and what you're doing, what your what your role is um. Go ahead. 'Kay. Okay. Um so we've got our opening, our our agenda is the opening, uh acquaintance which we've kinda done. Uh tool training, project plan discussion and then closing. Uh grand total of twenty five minutes we have here. Um so we are putting together a new remote control. Um we want it to be something original. Um of course we're a not only a electronics company but a fashion um conscious electronics company, so we want it to be trendy um and we want it to be easy to use. Um we've got the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design um which basically is is the three of you um. And w uh well um functional design um. Um do we have um any ideas of of maybe d let's just throw out some ideas of what kind of remote control we want to have, and then we can go into how we're gonna design it and and how we're gonna do the detailing on it. So we want it to be um a T_V_ remote or I I mean do we want it to to do other things besides just be a a television remote? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. I I think yeah, yeah, r universal remote. Um this is my first uh go-round with creating a remote control, so I think we're all in the same boat here. Um Okay. So we should we should set our remote control up to where it has a uh like a tracking device or or like a a It makes a noise, there's a button on the T_V_ that you press and 'Kay. Yeah. Do we want so they're kinda like long and rectangular. Do we want something crazy? You know, we want something new that's gonna stand out. A m a modern so our remote should be 'Kay. Um. Okay so yeah, so we want it to be sturdy, we want it to to hold up to somebody's child, you know, throwing it across the room or, as you said, people kinda throw it, so ball-shaped, uh you know, if it were ball-shaped maybe, then it 'Kay. Um so we want it to be modern, fun, sturdy, um So our form and our function. Um we want it to be um easy to find. Um What else it what else do we want it to to do? So we want it to be universal. It's something that we're supposed to sell for about twenty five Euros um and you know, goals for profits are I think somewhere around uh fifty million Euros, what they wanna make on it, so. 'Kay. So marketing, you know, how maybe uh marketing, you could s find out what is the most universally um appealing remote control out there. 'Kay. Um Do you guys have any ideas for what it should look like? Maybe we could draw it up on the on the board over there. Some ideas? We want it to be a b a ball, you know, we'll draw up we'll draw up the ball and maybe th um where the buttons are located. Uh-huh. How would we go about um making you know getting rid of our weak points? What I mean would we just have a flat spot on the bottom of the ball? Not to put you on the spot, but What did you say your title was again? You're the the Industrial Designer. Okay. Yeah. It's not new, it's not innovative, it's you know, everybody does long remote because it's easy, it's it's stable um. So if no, go ahead. Something with a grip. Yeah. Because even I suppose even with the ball it's it might not be the easiest to hold onto um. So perhaps the the joystick the the keyboard idea might work better. But then again, people like to use one hand to flip and one hand to hold their soda, so maybe maybe we I feel like I'm just shooting everything down here. Uh um Yeah. Okay, so unfortunately we've got about five minutes here to come up with our um remote control idea and start rolling with it. Um we've talked about our experiences with remote control and um we've got a couple ideas um. Let's see here. What if we had what if we had not only um say we went with the ball the ball function um, but maybe we give it sort of grips along the side s um to make it easier to hold on to. So you know um s so it's easier to hold onto that way. Course that'll then remove some of our our ball. Unless this unless this part were raised, so say the cover flips over and covers that part. So the grip is No, that wouldn't work either um. But if we're gonna make it flat on the bottom, then that eliminates our ball anyways. So if it were flat on the bottom and then had the sorta grips on the side here I guess, um and then flat uh And then we have the problem with the hinge. So if we're flat on the bottom, it's not gonna roll away, it'll stay where we want. Mm, that's true. So we don't have it flip open. We just have a ball Okay, so then we forget the ball. It looks cool, but it's really not it's not functional um. So we've got our sort of keyboard kind. What if we flipped it around here, so that it were um Sorry, that doesn't look anything like what you had there. Um so it's up and down, you hold it this way. Course then it's it's like the rectangular again, only with a couple of jutting out points. But it's one-handed um. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because it doesn't have a cord, like joysticks do. Is it possible to have it to where it would work with a like a sensor on either side? So that either way you're pointing it it would work. More expensive and yeah. 'Kay. Um True. 'Kay. Are we out of time? Okay, well, just to finish up, should we s go with this plan, start making some Are good ideas, what are not. Uh. Must finish now, so. And then marketing will look and see what uh what people want. Okay. And Project Manager will design a better meeting for next time around, be a little bit more prepared. And uh alright, good meeting.
Uh, uh, um. Okay. I am Corinne Whiting and I will be the Marketing Expert and in each of the three phases I will have a different role. In the function design phase I will be talking about user requirement specification, and this means what needs and desires are to be fulfilled, and I'll be doing research to figure this out. In the conceptual design phase I will be dealing with trend watching and I'll be doing marketing research on the web. And then finally in the um detailed design phase I will be doing product evaluation and so I will be collecting the requirements and ranking all the requirements to see how we did. Mm. Huh. Ours too. Mm. Ch Like a tracking device? Mm. Be good. Lot more modern. Maybe like user-friendly, like a little you know, where you can use both hands, like a little keyboard type thing. Mm. Mm. Mm. Also since we're partners of the International Remote Control Association, maybe we wanna make it something that would globally appeal. That's more on the research end, but the marketing. Yeah. And maybe as far as design goes, maybe we could have different ones for different target audiences, 'cause maybe one won't apply to all of the countries we're targeting. Futuristic. Mm-hmm. 'Kay, I'll draw something. What? My idea was just to have it be kind of like a keyboard type shape, you know, like video games l so. But maybe I mean that would be kinda big and bulky. We could also try to do the hinge thing, so it could like flip out that way. I don't know. That's my idea. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. True. Mm. That's fine. You're the boss, you're allowed to. Yeah. Looks cool though. Yeah. Mm. Right. Yeah. Sorry to interrupt, but we have a warning to finish. Yeah. Mm. Great.
Hiya, I'm Ryan. Um I'm the User Interface Designer. Um likewise I've three different roles for each stage of design. Um the functional design is looking at the tex technical functions of a remote control. Um in the concept design, the user interface, how the user reacts with the the product. And the detailed design um sort of like the user interface design, what they might be looking for, uh things like fashions, what makes wha how we're gonna make it special. That's about it. Yeah. Yeah. Well uh s function of remote control is just just you know, change channels is its main function. Oh right. I suppose you c try make it a universal remote for could work on all sort of electrical products in in one person's house. But, you know, they all sorta have the same role changing channels, volumes and then programming. I think they all work on the same prin principle as well sorta like I don't actually know. But is it just infra-red? Is that standard? Ye yeah. Um one thing I thought of with the remote control is you always lose 'em. So if there's a g a way of finding it quite easily, I thought that'd be quite good quite a good feature. Oh you can get those key well you could whistle or make a noise and it'd beep. Yeah. Generally, all remotes are sort of quite similar in their appearance. Just long. Yeah. Black usually. Yeah. I think so. Maybe sorta spherical or something. A ball. Yeah. People I thought maybe, because people always tend to throw a remote control about the place to one another if it was in a ball, and maybe the actual controls are inside or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It could be cased on the outside and t everything could be inside. Ye Small. I'd I could draw sorta the ball idea. My original idea was just simply sort of a sphere, where maybe you this is where it's connected together, and then when you open it out, it could fol it could be maybe flip, like a flip phone, and then when you fold it out the middle Maybe a hinge that'll have to be the strongest part of it. If that if we did use a hinge, or if it was just two parts, and then you'd have just sorta you you you know, your buttons. Thing is inside I think, sometimes remotes have too many buttons, so maybe as simple as possible, um as few buttons inside as possible. Um, I dunno, what's the idea for. Just something maybe if you ha if it had like if some kind of like light or something or lights around it. It's looking a bit like something out of Star Wars at the moment though, to be fair. But yeah. That was that was a sorta simple idea I had and then you know you could about Right, it would almost be like a ball. So that was just just an idea I had. I don't know whether anybody else has other ideas? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe f yeah. Yeah, that's g that's a good idea. Yeah. The idea it didn't have to necessarily be f a hinge, that was just one idea though. Yeah. Well I I suppose that things become design. But I mean i I was trying to think of like the design of others. I can't think of anything other than a long rectangle for remote, maybe small, sort of fatter ones, but there's nothing being done sort of out of left field, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think definitely doing something different is a good idea. I mean maybe design something, that's sort of like uh I suppose not everybody's everybody's hand's the same, but something that would maybe fit in the hand easier. Yeah, with a grip. It still might be hard to it still not the ho easiest thing to hold, yeah. Like yeah. Yeah. It's d yeah. I think it's definitely got to be a a one-handed a one-handed job. Yeah. But then maybe to go back to the to th s something along those things then. Yeah. Put it Even if you designed it in some in a way that you know, isn't a rectangle, but still pointed in a direction that had definite points. So if that's your thing and you got something like that instead, and there's your s you kn you know which way you're gonna pointing it. Um Does it say what does it say for n it says on there what we need to do for the next meeting, I think. T
Right. I'm Manuel and I'm the Industrial Designer in in this project um. In the functional design phase I'm I'll be dealing mostly with the requirements, um we'll discuss what the prog what functions the the product has to fulfil and so and so on. Um I suppose we'll work pretty much together on that one. Um um in the conceptual design um I'll be pro mostly dealing with properties and materials um of our product. And uh the detailed design in the detailed design I'll be concerned with the look and feel of the product itself, um so we're pretty much working together obviously on the design front here. Okay. Mm. Mm, mm. Right. So Mm. Well there are of course certain restrictions, you can't have it be any form and fulfil all functions at the same time, so there are always the some restrictions we have to apply here. Um however um one question is how stable is that thing supposed to be, that refers to the material, pretty much um. What are we gonna build that thing out of? How sturdy is it gonna be? Do we want it to last longer or rather have people whatever, have to buy one every half a year? Right. Right. One problem you'd get with this design is um the ball is a nice idea because of it's stability really, but of course, since it's a ball, it'll roll, so we'd have to have it flat on one side at least, down here somewhere, take away that part. That's one of the big issues. Also also you risk the hinges here. That's that's um a problem. That's that's interesting of course, but that's of course a weak point, yeah. E No no, uh uh. N n Uh, I'm your Industrial Designer, so i b well, the point is that well maybe I dunno. The shape is perhaps not the most ideal. As as stable as it is, there must be a compromise between um stability and design here, so. Mm. Mm. Well with the one-handed design you also have the the problem of the size w 'cause you know from cell phones, they can be too small. So if the remote is too small it if it's small it probably looks better, but may not be th as functional. So for that there's So The question is also, I dunno, d do you really always want to open that thing when you have to use it? It's probably going to lie around opened all the time anyway, so I don't know if a lid is a good idea. From stabil stability point of view uh it certainly is, but also you have to face it and take into account the more of these things break by accident, uh the more we sell. So it's don't make it too stable uh. To the other design. It looks cool. Uh functional. Right. Right. Question is what makes those game pads functional? W I think that's pretty much the form for full hand. So it's a round shape underneath that makes it comfy, right, makes it nice, so that's the essential part. Except for that I think we'll not probably not get a get away from some longer design. 'Cause you also have to know which way around to point this thing. You know, all that dif batteries right, and Batteries go weak as well, so um after a while you have to point it towards the uh towards the equipment you wanna control with it, right? So, have to m show which is the front, which is the back. I suppose you could do that. O of course the more technology you stick in that, the more it'll cost, so. Course you can do that. I mean of course it'll be evident after a while or if you look at it, it'll it'll be evident which way around to point it, since you have the the numbers and the and the the buttons and stuff, but um it's rather about an instinctual thing, like you just grab it, you don't have to s look at it, you know, which way around to point it. Otherwise the design of or the the point of putting two sensors on both sides um would probably work. Mm. Let's. Obviously Alright.
";The project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves and describe their roles in the upcoming project. The project manager then described the upcoming project. The team then discussed their experiences with remote controls. They also discussed the project budget and which features they would like to see in the remote control they are to create. The team discussed universal usage, how to find remotes when misplaced, shapes and colors, ball shaped remotes, marketing strategies, keyboards on remotes, and remote sizes. 
"Du Uh we yes s I've lo I've done the role that I was asked to do anyway. I think. Slide show. Just press the arrow keys I think. Usually goes to it. Is is it j just just just using it yeah. A repetitive strain injury. Just repetitive strain injury. I think. That's what I guess. Yeah. Having just listened to what Corinne just said, I'll draw on some of the things as well. Some things that sort of relevant to what I wanna say. 'Kay so I'm just gonna yeah approach the technical functions design. Um the method I used was to explore the uh technical functions of a remote control. And t s simplest approach that I came to is is to change, programme and operate an electronic device remotely. I mean that's an obvious thing to say, but it's not attached to the device that you want to control. Um I had some things sent to me. Not very much. To look at similar devices. Um defined in some them. And then the personal preferences that I will suggest. Um we discussed a universal one. Um like it's just been brought up again then. But I think a universal remote control is actually quite a difficult object to design, and po possibly within maybe the budget that we do it, um because you'd need to know all the spef specifications of a all the like electronic companies. I'm not sure have you ever come across a universal remote control yourself, but you have to i they're a nightmare to use. You have to set them, reset them to everything. Um and that would only add buttons. Whereas I think the aim is to take away buttons. So I think it'd be better maybe to concentrate on maybe just a universal one for T_V_s. Um or maybe just one that you could we could design and then different people, manufacturers could use it to set to their specifications, if if the aim is to get something that's unique in design. Um Okay here here's just two pictures of remote controls. They're just simple T_V_ remote controls. But one is uh user-centred. That is the one on the left. And you can straight away see there's less buttons. And the other one is engineer-centred where that's more uh specified for the sort of the elaborate piece of equipment it's trying to control um which appeals more to the product that we want, and on what the have said and the market research and stuff probably looking at something that should be user-centred. Fewer buttons, simpler to use, and if ten percent um is hidden away if ten percent is what's used, maybe the other fifty percent, the buttons that are used very rarely like programming, they could be hidden maybe under some remote controls you might have come across have maybe a little flip thi thing where they're hidden away. And the main buttons are the ones you or the ones you come across. Um and finally, um uh sort I've sort of covered that, our product I think should be user interface orientated. Um Like I said to concentrate on T_V_ remote control, a universal remote might be too complex. Um and as what it, the major findings market researchers have said, it's the image and the appearance that people di dislike. So that we should concentrate on something that would set a trend. And then and change the fashion of remote controls. And that's it. On something on the image of it. Uh the f the actual design. I think speech recognition was uh one of those things where um they have to be really good for them to work. 'Cause sometimes you find yourself just saying things over and o if it's on your phone. And you need to sort of take into light languages and then different dialects I suppose as well. Yeah. Yeah. And wou I don't know if would would you want to keep saying stuff if you were watching stuff. If you were watching something would you sort of be wanting Yeah. I think As well it'd be j the gimmick factor for the younger people. But practically I don't think it's Yeah. It'll wear off. Do you wanna put your cord back in? I did have have a thought about the sort of the tracking thing. Is that if it came with maybe a holder or holster, whatever you wanna call it. Um that you you should put it back in. Your remote. But if you don't put it back in, you press something like a little button on that, and that just sort of sends out a beep to find where it is or something. Just by infrared. That shouldn't be too complex I would've thought. Yeah it would be quite good. The ball could sit on a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'll yeah I'll have a look, try look at the actual appearance in the next break. I th I I do still think it needs to be something that is ultimately one-handed. The ball is probably not a good idea. And even something that's held like that might be difficult. So that I think it still has to be a variation. On maybe a a rect on a rectangle but maybe not necessarily as boring, as plain as a rectangle. D I don't know if that might cope with like the trend-watching. I find anything more on that. Yeah. Bottom perhaps yeah. You I mean it might be to look at sort of the the shape and trend of like things like mobile phones, and the shapes that the they've been going. They've gone from big brick block things, which is a remote control is, to sort of slinky small things. Yeah. Yes s To the thumb yeah. Maybe the buttons could like uh decrease in s the bigger ones you know they could actually be bigger in size than the ones that are less important, the smaller here. Yeah. Behind. Definitely. just like o on a sort of side view. Something that you know it would sort of fit in the hand better. So you know you just sort of have your hand Yeah. Right on the and your thumb would be up here type thing. Yeah that's also true. instantly sort of always going for the right-handed person. But I mean the older so Right-handed, yeah. I mean I'm just just thinking maybe if it was um circular um with the sort of that sort of the sort of early idea we had, with the way that was more like that, whereas this is just a one-handed thing that you sort of almost wrap round the thumb. So you'd have your, you'd put your hand into there with the thumb there. And then your thumb would do you'd have all the buttons sort of round here. And that I think could work. On any hand. If you just had it like wrapped round there. Left or right. Minimise its size. It could be you know really quite small. Yeah. Zapping functions. Yep. Yeah. How well it'll work yeah. Yeah.
Hm. Yep. Sure. What was it? Function? F_ eight? Well. How do I get it Oh right right right. That one? Okay. Alright. Well, this is my report, which is going to be based pretty much on a survey that I was sent. Oh gosh, I've no idea. G Okay. Sorry I actually need to see something else on my screen. Yeah. And then? Again? No I want something else on mine. Is that possible? Okay but now you don't have that. Sorry guys. So is there no way I can give you the slideshow and have something yeah. Yeah. Oh well. Yeah. It's okay. Okay. Um so first of all, the method that I used was by doing some marketing research, by um doing research on some interviews that were conducted. And then some internet research. And I was sent a report that was I think there were a hundred remote users that they interviewed. And so I will show you some of the results from that, which I think will be helpful. Um okay here are some of the findings. They said that the users dislike the look and feel of their current remote controls. And seventy five percent of the users find their remote controls to be ugly. Which is a fairly significant number I would say. And eighty percent of the users would be willing to spend more money if they could get a remote that would look fancy. So I think that earlier we were onto something when we were talking about having it be a modern cool look, I think that's definitely important. Um they say that current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. Seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot. And if anyone could clarify what that means? Zap, does that just mean like changing the channel? Okay. Um and fifty percent of the users say that they're only using ten percent of the buttons on their remote control. And there was something else, they kept track of the frequency per hour in using certain buttons. And some of them it looks like barely need to be included at all. Of course channel selection is used the most frequently. And then teletext was the next. Volume and then power. And then audio settings and screen settings and channel settings were practically never used. So I think we could definitely eliminate or somehow combine a lot of the functions into one button. Um the biggest user frustrations, as we said fifty percent of people find that their remotes are lost somewhere, and so I think a tracking device of some sort would be a good idea. They said it take thirty four percent said it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote. And twenty six percent said that the controls are bad for R_S_I_. What is it? Okay. Okay. And so bas okay. Um as far as speech recognition goes, um the younger group looks like they're all for it. From the fifteen to twenty five age group over ninety percent said they would pay more. And it kind of just went down incrementally. The groups at the older they get it looks like the less willing they are to pay, so maybe we could discuss this and think and decide if we think it's worth investing in this. At least if we're targeting the younger groups. And so in conclusion. Some things that I drew from this are that I think we were correct. We definitely need to focus on a new modern appearance, since so many people seem to be concerned about the ugliness of their remote control. Um a multifunctional remote could be a good thing to explore. So you only have one rather than five different remotes sitting all over your room. Uh we need to simplify the remote and reduce the number of buttons, get rid of the ones that don't seem to be serving much purpose. And then lastly I thought that maybe we could discuss the idea of speech recognition. And that's it. Oh yeah. Sorry did you guys get time to write everything that you needed? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Another thing about these figures is ninety one percent of the youngest age groups said they'd do it, but probably a lot of them that's actually their parents money. Like I don't know if they would actually go out and purchase this themselves, a fifteen year old you know. Yeah. Gets old yeah. Mm. Mm. Rolls away yeah. Not really. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah not yet but maybe by the next meeting we'll have some info on that. Mm. Mm. Power. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right. Uh-huh. Maybe you could buy like a special left-handed version of the remote. Special order. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Could be good. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm.
Eight. F_ eight. Just jus yeah. cable there. Thank you. Okay. Gonna talk to you about the working design of the interiors basically which is what dictates the design the both the interface basically and the outer appearance because this is all the stuff that needs to go in there. Right. So unfortunately the people who were supposed to do this little presentation for me obviously were too drunk to actually accomplish it, so um I'm going to do a lot of the stuff on the board. Um just This is the basic basic premise of a remote control. Um the basic function is to send messages to another system. Okay so much is clear. An energy source feeds an integrated circuit, like a chip, that can compose messages. Often in the form of infrared bits. This is the most mostly used. Um there's uh also some sound systems but infrared is the better or the more more used system. Um parts are cheaper as well. A user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages. This is where my people screwed up basically. So I'm going to explain that on the board rather. Um what we have is different components that obviously need to go in there. We'll start with an energy source. Right. Um which is usually a battery right? Since it's not feasible to add a cable to that. This energy source of course is connected to the the user interface itself. Uh which can be buttons, whatever, which in fact controls a chip. Right? This is the user interface and there we have the chip. Um the way this goes normally is that this chip then controls an infrared lamp. That sends out the signal. Of course the signal differs accordingly. Um depending on what the chip tells the infrared lan lamp. And Of course that's controlled, the chip itself is controlled by the user interface. The way you normally normally do it is that you add a little device such as a lamp to the whole thing as well, so that you know that it's working basically. You press something, you get a response. Which is also comparatively um important on one of those devices. Now this, what we're talking about here, or what I think should be discussed are these two components mostly. The the uh energy source for one thing can be altered. What we probably cannot alter is of course the infrared, the sending device basically, the infrared lamp. We cannot change the chip which controls the infrared lamp. Right? These two are components that we have to use, and these are dictated by the whole function of the whole thing. Um the lamp can be put onto the desi the device. It c it doesn't have to be there. This can be discussed as well. The user interface. That's something we can also discuss. Um as we've heard uh speech recognition is the hype obviously in the moment. Speech recognition um interface, we don't know that. Or if we just do the usual button thing. Or we have a touch pad or something like that that's something we can discuss. And of course the energy source. Batteries. Solar cells. Who knows? Of course it's always a question whether these these components are in fact available cheap enough, developed enough. But that's like I s I suppose rather up to marketing, and not to to the industrial design department. Expensive it's gonna be get uh. Yeah. Right. Oh right. go. Mm-hmm. Well you still do. You s you still W yeah. You put it on t on the couch table. While you're watching, it's gonna roll off. So that's not an issue really.. Right. That's Mm. Right. Hm. That's the classical design. Right. Yeah. Talking of which maybe a scrolling function is not not too bad. It's Talk about maybe f look at that from the side, there maybe. Which is technically the easiest option. Would probably be like a scrolling, little scrolling wheel like this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yeah, sort of like that. You can even if we're coming from mice, we can even add a click function, where you, in order to verify the information you just press it down. Right. Also when it comes to the ergonomics of the whole thing, if you wanna make it square for the looks of it, then maybe to make it more comfortable to hold the whole thing, you add a little bulge down here. Just which maybe from an engineering point this could be holding the the batteries and so on. I know. You know what I'm getting at here, fel look at it from the side. It's like that. Right. Uh Then you hold it in your hand like this. And maybe you bring the buttons nearer to the or the imp more important buttons nearer to the to the side. Right. Mm. Right. You can also have it, maybe, talking about mobile phones again, sliding open. With the lesser used functions on this part, and then it slides into that part. And out. Mm well I was just thinking, this this of course causes causes a problem um for left or right-handed people actually. So. Right. Right. That's right. Right. That minimises it size-wise as well. Mm. Then there's maybe another point of making it a two-in-one kind of thing. If we have a smaller a smaller device that actually fits into the big one. You give it the full functions in here, and just a couple of functions in there. Like your zap zapping device is just u channels up-down, uh volume, and on-off. That's it. Maybe. That's right. Means the big one has to be sufficiently big. And perhaps heavy, so you can't move it around. Make it a piece of furniture. yes. Yes, there you go. Or a statue or something. Right. Alright. Alright. Alright.
Oh. Okay. Thanks for coming to this meeting. S how we doing on our remote? We have some we have some ideas and some uh ideas for what people want. Yeah. Alright let's just go over the agenda real quick for this meeting. See if I can't get things uh moving along here a little bit better. Um I'll go over what we went over last time, which shouldn't take long. Then I believe each of you have a presentation. Um I've was sent a a couple more requirements for our remote, what they want. Um then we can come to a conclusion on uh what we want the remote to do, um and how it's going to do it hopefully. And uh then we'll have the closing. Um which we'll have forty minutes for. Uh let's see, the last meeting we went over um who was responsible for what. I'm responsible for leading the meetings, keeping the notes, uh and coming up with the final presentation. Um Corinne is our Marketing Expert. She's gonna figure out what what um the consumer wants. Um Ryan is our User Interface Designer. And Manuel is the Industrial Designer. So you're gonna come up with the ideas Ryan, and you're gonna pick 'em apart. Um we decided our remote, uh we want it to be a universal remote uh that everyone would want. Um we want to be modern, um fun, different. Uh it needs to be sturdy, um easy to find, so we gonna have that locator function. Um and we want to be different. Um and then we went over a couple of different ideas. Ball-shaped phone. The keyboard shape. Um we decided that it should probably be one-handed. Something we could use with one hand. Um and that was our last meeting. So um why don't um Do each of you have a presentation? Okay. I'll hand it off to you and um Does anyone do you wanna go first? So we can maybe see what uh what the people want. To go to the next one? Yeah you click on that guy. Yeah. Hit F_ eight again. I think. Yeah. You want it to be on both screens, or just just yours? Yeah but I think you have to hit escape. And then you can Yeah. Oh hit F_ eight again. I know. I did the same thing. And then it should come up here shortly. 'Kay. I think oh give us the slideshow and something on your screen? Mm. I'm not sure. You could maybe minimise that screen and then have them both up at the same time I think. 'Kay. Very nice. Now we actually have some ideas of what what people want, what we should focus on. Uh Wait can I look at that real quick?. What was your last conclusion on that one? Focus on uh the i the image of it. 'Kay. Good. Good. So we could the the the more complex we make it of course, the more expensive But people have said that they would well younger generations of people have said that they would pay more for a speech recognition remote. So possibly it might be worth the investment. I agree. Well I myself I find, when you, h when there's something like spee speech recognition. Like uh you call on the phone and you try to change your telephone or power or something. Sometimes they have a a speech recognition on the other end, and you say one for this, and you find yours, like you said, saying the same thing over and over and over. I find myself, especially if I'm in a crowd of people, looking really silly. So maybe if you're sitting on your couch with a bunch of people then you know, you Volume up. Volume down. Change the channel, you know channel up, channel down? I I don't know. Mm-hmm. It's a, it's a gimmick factor that they like at first, and Okay. Um Let's see here. Yeah I guess so. Trade you. Now I was sent a couple of things to modify our uh new requirements. Um the remote's only gonna be for the television, which is good because we already decided y your your research showed that uh not only is a universal remote more complicated, it's more cost, more costly. And your re uh research showed that you know most of the people don't even use it. I think uh you said fifty percent of the people only use half the or ten percent of the buttons. So if we remove the universal remote then that solves that problem. Um no teletext. Um So we don't have to worry about that. Um but we do have to use the the company wants us to incorporate the corporate colour and our slogan, which is we put the fashion in electronics. And our corporate colours are grey and yellow. And we could probably get away with black too but So those are the three um the three new requirements that that I was told we need to use. Um from all all three of your uh presentations, I think that we were on the right track a lot in our last meeting. Um We want something that looks good. Um we want something that's simple. We want something that you can find easily. Um And the speech recognition I I guess is kind of uh give or take. It's gonna cost more. S the young the younger people say that they like it. But um it's probably, I would say, probably not worth the investment at this point in time. So maybe we should just do away with speech recognition. Um And that way we can focus on our form. That'd be, that'd be good if we were going with our our ball. Or or with you know I guess with any form that that would be good. You know that could be the charger. For you know we could use rechargeable batteries in the remote. And that would be or solar. Or you know However, however you wanted to go about it, the holder could also be the charging unit. Um With the locator button. Um and if it were the ball you'd no longer have to have a flat space on it. Um like if we still have the how to hold on to it and It's gonna roll away. Um So I guess after the meeting we'll have some questionnaires. And uh and some summaries for for what's going on. Um then we'll take lunch. Then we can come back and uh work on our individual work. Um I'll do the minutes. Uh let's see. It looks like you're already on your way for uh working with the components. Um chips, the what chips we need and what uh you know how to power it and whatnot. User interface concept, we want it to be something simple. Um Minimal number of buttons. I guess our, I guess our main um main thing that we should focus on until then is probably deciding on a certain look, you know. Did you have time earlier to to work on that. Did you guys feel you have enough time in between our meetings to get everything done that you need to get done? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Um Shall we maybe shoot for a a specific uh target group? That way we could l I mean if it were, if we were shooting for young guys then it's um a certain look to the remote. Or girls or older people? Um Would that you think that would help us find um a specific form? That we would would wanna pick out? 'Kay. So um we know that the remote's gonna have to be we'll just say we've got a colour scheme for it. Um yellow and you know yellow it's nice and bright, with the buttons being grey or black. And our slogan pasted somewhere on it, on the the bottom or the you know. Um Maybe we could sketch a so basically all of our remotes all of our typical remotes now are just kind of a rectangular sort. You know. Um maybe we could flare it or something. You know. So it's more of course this will look like a bone then. go ahead and erase this. Um Hope everyone memorised that uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah everybody's got a mobile phone right? Except for me now. Uh But they are all, you know, mobile phones um they've kind of taken a turn to where they're really small. Um which may defeat our purpose for being able to locate our remote all the time. But then again you don't want you know like the first mobile phone that was this big and you had a handbag to carry it around in. Um So we've got basically what remotes look like now is kind of what we're what we're stuck with. Um Maybe we could go with a square or something. Um Um you know with minimal number of buttons. I guess you've got you know one through nine. For typing in your channels. Uh you've got volume, up and down. Channel up and down. Power. Usually at the top. Um a mute. That's that's pretty much all you need I think. Um A menu button, maybe. So you know. If you, if we want the remote to do other things like um or I guess the T_V_ to be able to change the tint and the colour and you know all those kind of things that are built into T_V_s, we just have that under one standard menu button where you go in, press the menu button, scroll up and down to select it. Um 'Kay so Um Mm-hmm. Like a wheel on your mouse. Sort of. 'S a good idea. Mm-hmm. Look g yeah. Looks good. To the thumb. Yeah. Yeah is everyone who in here's right-handed, left-handed? You guys all right-handed? Yeah. So I'm left-handed but I, so I can say that most things are designed for right-handed people. Like the written language. Or English. Maybe. Ow. I would say I mean it should be probably designed for a right-handed p person. Um but that's that's good. That's w I think we've got a kind of a good plan there. Um At least for what buttons we're gonna use. Um So we've got uh I like the scroll, the scroll action and the. Yeah. Kinda like holding a Yeah. So two remotes in one. But then would be easier to lose one or the other. It actually is your coffee table. Okay. Well we need to finish up here. Um So for the next So for the next um before the next meeting w uh sh shall we work on you're watching trends to see what what kind of new information we've got going on. Um Manuel you're going to work on the components for for what we're gonna use. Let's go with our our uh rounded kind of fit in your hand let's explore uh the the uh possibility of having the two-piece. So one for the the quick zapping um and possibly one you know with just that rounded part that fits into your hand. Um And Ryan you work on um how how well they'll work with the us with the user. So both of those concepts. And uh okay I think we made some good progress here. see you in I dunno. I gu I guess we'll take lunch in about uh half an hour. Or I guess we'll be taking lunch shortly and then then in about half an hour after that we'll probably have another meeting. Okay.
";The project manager recapped the events and decisions of the previous meeting. The marketing expert presented research on user preferences and tendencies with remote controls. The research indicated that users want remotes to be more attractive, to match the behavior of the user, to be easier to locate when misplaced, and not to cause RSI. The research also indicated that younger users were interested speech recognition. The user interface designer spoke on the option to have a universal remote, presented two differently designed remotes available on the market, and described some features a user-centered remote should include. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and then the team discussed the option to include speech recognition in their design. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements to abide by. The team then discussed the option to include a recharger with a locater button in their design, the appearance of their remote, buttons, how to make an ergonomic remote, and the option to have a two-piece remote. 
"Okay. Right. Okay. Alright. Is everyone here? Okay. This is our conceptual design meeting. And I'll just take a few minutes and uh go through the previous minutes. Um then each of you will have your presentation, um and then we will need to make a decision on the concept for the remote control. And then we'll have uh forty minutes for finishing up. Um I'll go through the mee through the minutes first. Um, we just refreshed our our uh goal of making the finest remote control available. Um we decided that, or we know that we need to use company colours, company logo. Um and our Marketing Expert uh gave us some i uh information from interviews with a hundred different remote users. Um with some statistics that backed basically what we were thinking before. People thought their remotes were ugly, um um that remotes zap a lot. Um they only use uh a finite amount of buttons. Um and that they often lose the it's easy to lose a remote. Um which were all things we were thinking we would wanna make it simple. Um And uh some sort of locator. Either a button or tracking device. Um And that it should look different than what's out there. Um Kind of mixed mixed response on the speech recognition. The younger people said they wanted it, older people did not. Um uh I think we decided that um the expense was not necessarily worth it, and that it was probably a gimmick, that um would increasingly wear on the consumers' nerves. Um Then the User Interface Designer um explored some of the technical functions of the remote. Um the simple versus the um the complex. The simple one being better for a user, the complex better for an engineer. Um Um and some personal preferences that were found in that would be that it should be a user-oriented remote, something simple. Um and that we didn't wanna go with a universal remote, because uh increasing cost and increasing complexity. Um we would just have a T_V_ remote. Um and that we should also focus on the appearance of the remote. Have it s be something that looks different. And finally our um Industrial Designer uh gave us a rundown of how the remote will work. Um from energy source, um uh what we would use. Batteries because we don't wanna have a a cable. Um How that would power the remote and the lamp. If we were to to have one. Uh um the user interface then would connect to a chip, which would work with the infrared controls uh to send the signal to the T_V_. Um I believe then we came up with a couple of ideas for what we think the design of the remote will be. Um Um something that will fit into uh easily into someone's hand. And with a, just a few buttons. Just the basics. And with a scrolling um function also. Okay and I will leave that, leave it at that. So Marketing? We're watching trends. I suppose that you can have this. A banana shape? So possibly like a uh, sorry, just to butt in for a second. Possibly uh like a cover like they have for mobile phones? You have one with a flag, and one with a banana and one that's a spongy feel to it. You can Mm various covers. We could leave that to the cover department. We all know they've got nothing to do all day. Notice the giant dog bone shape? Also good for animals. What's the approximate per hundred thousand for the titanium? Works well in Arizona but in Edinburgh not so No I think I think batteries are probably the way to go. Yeah. So the ru wait the rubbery we can shape it however we want? Or the rubbery we cannot? 'Kay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Is that an option, a plastic shell with a rubbery coating on at certain spots? What about a smell? T to the remote? Yellow and grey. Grapefruit. I would say, if I were to make a decision, I would probably put the fruit aspect at the lower lower end of the spectrum of of importance. Um Well perhaps the implied shape will be enough to lure that fruit-minded remote buyer. It's it's yellow. It's curved. It's sort of couple of couple of grey stripes. We could put the grey stripes on the bottom so that that person could turn it over. It would look like a banana just sitting on their table. Rather than rather th Maybe the holder, if we were to have a holder, it could be shaped like a fruit. Could be, it could be an ape or a fruit bowl. Hey we could have a variety of options here. Do you have more to your presentation? Oh. Okay. I'm gonna plug in here real quick. If I could. Like I said we have to make a decision on a couple of these items here. Um ow. Ow. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh so these are the decisions that we do need to make by the end of this meeting. Um for our components concept we need to come up with the energy source, um the chip-on-print, and the case. Probably case um material. And probably a shape also. Um and then for the user interface concept we need to decide what the tape, what, what the type is. And what kind of supplements we'll have. Um Energy source I think we've, I think we've decided batteries, although not exciting, are probably our best bet. And we have five minutes. 'Kay. So Um I guess we should pick the case then. If we go with the plasticky case, or the the plastic case, um then the chip-on-print is still kind of, we could have either or. We could have a complex one or a a non-complex. But did we decide that the rubbery feel was important enough to us?. Okay. So we would, we would have the L_C_D_ screen? 'Kay. So I guess the case would be plastic, with Perhaps that's not even enough rubber to qualify as being part of it. It's more of a su it's more of a supplement maybe. Which will require a more expensive chip-on-print right? 'Kay. So I guess that, is that, is that about it? So we have a good idea of what we're gonna need to to do on this? Um okay so we will have another meeting in thirty minutes. Um Here's what's gonna be going on. Um Um Ryan you'll be working on the user interface design. Um Manuel you'll be working on the look-and-feel design. Corrine we'll want a product evaluation. And the two of you get to play with the uh modelling components and uh maybe and and get us a prototype. Which should go along well with your look-and-feel design and your interface. So that basically just be working on the prototype, uh we'll accomplish your other two actions. Alright. Okay. Let's do it.
Yep. Oh it was sort of banana shaped. Those like, yeah, sort of spongy ones. What's it called? Cust you personalised, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Why can't I see the crazy. Um yeah I talking about the interface concept and how the customer relates to, will use the, consumer will use the actual device. Um so I've looked at some of the stuff I was sent, um, try and get some inspiration. But keep in mind that our own ideas that we had. Um I was sent some information from the company saying that they, the technology department have devised a new speech recognition technology, where you can program questions into such devices. They gave an example of a coffee machine where you program a question, you program the answer, and the machine responds accordingly. Um okay. There's different ways of a user can use products l like a remote. Um there's a graphical use, where you you look at pictures and well on a screen. A command line where you obviously type things in, and you get a response. Um and then it ju that's just to point out the sort of inconsistent u sort of use of interface in remotes. You can't really see that picture well, but there's various different remotes, once again with lots of different buttons on, making it more complicated. So, then I had a look at new products that are on the market. Not necessarily remote controls but ones that you'll recognise. Um this is the voice, there is a voice recognition remote control, which can control mus multiple devices. I have a there is a picture. You surf your favourite channels uh with your voice. Store up to eighty speech samples, controls four devices, T_V_, cable, satellite, V_C_R_, D_V_D_ and audio. And you can record your own v verbal labels, that are connected to remote control functions. So the technology is there. Um the one on the left is very similar to what we drew up on the board in the previous meeting, where there has scroll down functions on the side. You can sort of just make those out. And then on the right is obviously an iPod, which is you know possibly one of the simplest things to use out there, and really is, and all that is is just a a nice big scroll menu that y you sort of go through. That is a possibility. And nothing's simpler really. Um then there's things like this, which is a a a kid's remote, where the the parents have the facility to control and program what children can watch before. So the remote control it o only allows them to access the channels that their parents want them to watch. And um it means that th children have a novelty of having their own remote control. So I don't know if there's a possibility of having one remote contr you know like we just had two components, maybe it can have more components you know, different remotes. Um the point made at the end there here is that you have to be sort of be need to be clear on your um devices, as to what, you know, things you use. Sometimes an arrow pointing down, which may suggest volume down, could become confused just as a V_ for volume. Just little things like that, which would need to be made clear in the design. Um I think, d carrying on from what I've already said, a user friendly remote with minimum buttons. Maybe we've so suggested this two-part thing, where if it was to have a speech recognition thing, you could maybe control that on the do it or program all that on the control bit. And then just have the simple sort of hand-held thing that we sort of devised earlier, as the actual remote. Um I don't it could be a graphical display, the actual remote contr the actual control port maybe could have like an iPod where you just sort of control through the menus. Stuff like gets more and more compli complicated. And then the the hand-held bit should be ergonomically designed. And that is it. Why am I Oh yeah. Just. Where are we? Uh. Just to sort of show you. M they've even got things like that. Huge things. Which is just for your gr ninety year old grandma yeah? Yeah. Yeah. And that yeah. Yeah. See. things.. Why's my screen crazy? Mm. Would you have to leave it by the window? yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Would the sort of spongy and the the plasticky thing y you can get those mobile phones that initially have a it is plastic but then they have sort of a a s a cover on it which is just sort of soft and stuff. So I don't know if that would still be possible to have you know in plastic. But then where do people hold it? Just all be sort of spongy. So you as the the possibility of having a a graphical display on it, like a screen? Like the iPod? Right. Yeah. Yeah. Could we not you know have a shape with a scroll and the screen, and then j just sort of that initial shape we had, just which is uh sort of banana-esque. So that's thing if we did it yellow. And um you know you just p stick on just sort of rubber things that that sort of grip the thumb bit. They wouldn't have any they're just on the exterior. They wouldn't be necessary to the actual shape of the thing. Yeah. Mm. You could just sell it in different colours as well I suppose. In different ye yellows. I don't suppose we have to stick to co Stick to the colours yeah. Mm grapefruit. Yeah.. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. and if it if it was done yellow, which is a company colour. Yeah. On the the gr the rubbery grips could be grey. Yeah. It could and then you could actually h put the banana-shaped thing on the fruit bowl, on the coffee table, and then people would always know where it was. Yeah. Yeah. Well we sort of rid of that because gonna use a battery. And the base station might not be necessary. Yeah. Yeah. Just just maybe yeah. Just a little bit of. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think so. I think
. Yep. Okay. Yep. Can I have your cable please? Thanks. Okay so I was looking at trend-watching. Um unfortunately I wasn't given too much information. I was given a brief executive summary, and then an update on some recent fashion trends that we might like to look at. And then I'll just tell you some personal preferences that I got from that. Um okay the most important finding was that the fancy look-and-feel seems to be twice as important to the users as the current functional look-and-feel design, which I think we've kind of already discussed before. Um the second most important finding was that the remote should be technologically innovative. And again these are all things we've kind of already come up with on our own, but this just backs it up. And thirdly the remote would be easy to use. As far as fashion update, we've learned that fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for cloths, shoes and furniture. So that might be a bit of a challenge to incorporate this into our remote, but we can try. Um and also, as opposed to last year, this year the material is expected to be spongy in feel. Okay so from that um, as we've already said, we need to focus on a fancy look-and-feel. Um I think we've already discovered that it's kind of hard to go away from the traditional rectangular design. But I think that, even if it's very subtle, we need to kind of trick our consumers, so they at least get the idea that they're getting something that's new and modern and sleek and Whether it's through the shape or the colours or all of that. Um for technologically innovative, we've talked about the tracking device. We brought up the idea of having two pieces, which we could discuss further. And Manuel had suggested um the energy source and the user interface, discussing some of those, um that we could change a little bit. We need to keep it simple, have limited buttons, which I think the two piece idea might be really beneficial for. Um we need to incorporate this fashion trend of fruits and vegetables. I don't know, I mean I guess the two options are if we had our remote in the shape of a fruit or vegetable. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Or with exterior designs. But my question is, I mean the stereotypically speaking, you kind of picture males with their remote controls, and I'm not sure how they'd feel about having fruity logos on the outside. So maybe we could have something that's somewhat removable, or I don't know, different options for female, male target groups. And then the spongy feel. I guess we could look at mobile phones and other technology that's out there. C and look at different types of material that might please our users who want spongy-feeling remote controls. So that's that. That's what I was thinking yeah. Yeah. So when you buy your remote you can buy various coverings. Personalise your remote. Mm-hmm. Dunno. Spongy? Y probably not yeah. Mm. No. Hmm. Mm. Like a covering. Yeah. The we can have the fruits and vegetables on the spongy parts, so they can remove it. Mm. Mm. Bright citrus colours yeah. Oh yeah. Yellow and grey. I think having a shape could be a little ridiculous, like Well we kinda do yeah. And if it's yellow? Grey buttons yeah. Mm. Oh. Nice. Could look like a fruit bowl. 'Kay. So is the two piece idea out? Or have we not decided? Oh right okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Well what about what you said, like putting the finger grips just on top of the plastic? Yeah. So then for the scroll, are we going for the iPod type? Yeah? Okay.
Alright. That's industrial design for cranes, stuff like that. Makes sense, makes sense. Uh Well let's see. I'm going to bore you with a couple of descriptions of the interior. Just to to make it more obvious what we have to fit in there, and that we do have to fit the stuff in there. I've more information on possible materials um as well. What we can and cannot do. Um but let's just wait for this to load up and I'll show you what we're talking about here. Okay. The details of the components' design, as you can see there, what we have is the board, main board of the remote control. The underside, that's pretty cheap piece of of technology really top left side you can see the chip, which is the, what we were talking about, this was is the device to recognise the signals the input, and it passes it on to a row of um further transistors and stuff like that on the right side that actually amplify the signal, which later on is being, is being transferred to a infrared lamp which then um of course shines infrared light onto the television which then will recognise what signal um it's getting and will do what you tell it. Um So much for the the workings of the of the uh remote control itself. Its job is to wait for you to press a key, then to translate that key press into infrared light signals, um that are received by the television. When you press a key um you complete a specific connection. The chip senses the connection and knows what button you pressed. It produces a morse code line signal specific to that button. Right. Pretty clear. Transistor amplifies the signal and then sends the m sends the signal to the L_E_D_ which translates the signal into infrared light. The sensor in the T_V_ can see the infrared light, and seeing the signal reacts appropriately. This is the circuit board from the other side. Um the lower part of it, I don't know if you can see that properly, with the green greenish board is is what we what we saw in the first the first slide just flipped over. Um you can see the circuit board itself. That's the cheapest uh way to make electronic connections basically on the market. Um what you do is you have, don't have cables, but you have the connections actually in these in these lines on the on the board. These are the actual keys that are being pressed. They close the electric circuit. That then sends the signal to the chip on the other side. That would be behind here. Um which uh sends it over to the transistors and all that stuff that amplify the signal and all that is being sent to the infrared lamp up there. Now as you can see this is the the rubber button version of it. Um the way it works is that you have the keys here. The rubber button has a little metal uh plate on the other side, which closes the circuit here. And thus gives on the signal. Now this is the simple version. Um we are talking um this this the simple and cheapest version at the same time. We are talking something more complicated of course, it's going to be more expensive as well. And not only that. Um we are also restricted in the use of our outer shell, or in the material that we could use for our outer shell. Um I've gotten some information that we could use for the case material plastic, rubber, as well. Um rubber that is used in these anti-stress balls. So it's pretty squishy. That would that would serve that purpose. Um we could also use wood, or titanium. Oh fya I don't have an information on that. However our company obviously can provide us with uh with the titanium, so I assume, I'm, I was given an okay to use it. It certainly is an expensive material, I'm aware of that, but I was given an okay. But there are certain restrictions to certain materials. Now let's first go through the list with the materials. So we what we can use is plastic, rubber, wood and titanium. Can also mix these. Um as for the energy source, um we were talking about that shortly in the other meeting. Um what we could use is, or what I was offered, or what we could use, is a basic bateer battery. Right? Uh a dynamo. Interestingly enough. Um we could use solar cells. Or a device that was not n not further specified that provides kinetic energy. Such as like watches you know. Where you just move them m move the the actual device and this pr uh provides it with with uh some energy. So um obviously I personally have to say that dynamo is out of the question really. You don't wanna wind up your remote control before you can use it right? Um solar cell is interesting. May fail though, every here and there. Mm. Yeah. Or you know you lose it, it lies behind the couch for a week and yeah mm. Always the you But exactly. Um the kinetic energy thing um might work, um but the same problem. You leave it lying around and you first have to shake it before it it starts to work. So I'd say what we're stuck with really is um the basic battery. Which also makes a base station basically obsolete. We don't need that then. Um However our interface options are push-buttons. In which uh in the production of which or in manufacture of which um our company is expert. Um However we've discussed that scroll wheels are a better option. And they are possible. We have an okay for scroll wheels. Okay. Um however when it comes to the scroll wheel of the iPod I've one big objection and that is that we have to fit an L_C_D_ into the remote control as well. This however may exclude certain um materials. If you have a squishy uh kind of remote control, then an L_C_D_ screen may be affected by the movement. Hence we might not be able to put it in there. So um There's also restrictions to, when it comes to the chip. If we have a more sophistic uh sophisticated scroll wheel rather than this very basic uh set-up that we that I've just presented, um the chip has to be more s more sophisticated and thus more expensive as well. I don't have any details to, when it comes to the cost but um it will be a significant difference. I'd rather say drop the titanium and therefore let's have a more sophisticated chip, but that's not up to me to decide really. So that's for the for the scroll wheel. Um it limits our choice and squishy is hip, so I'd say rather not go for for that. Let's see now. Um um solar cells cannot be used on a curved or latex um surface or um remote control. But obviously that's not our problem um since we have decided or against solar cells, I assume right? Or is anybody still alright. Alright. Uh which makes it very conventional but therefore traditional I assume. Um Um With the titanium um we cannot make it a curved design. We would just be able to make it flat and and um yeah a straight design pretty much. Which I assume would exclude uh some of the more sophisticated versions. You can have an L_C_D_ screen. Um but therefore no rubber will be used. Alright? So plastic yes, titanium yes, but this will of course influence the form. With plastic, as I understand it, you can use any form. Um latex is tricky. Or rubber and um and titanium also seems to be tricky when it comes to the form. So the way to go is if you want a scroll wheel you either make it flat and angular, uh add an L_C_D_ screen, and um then you can basically choose either plastic or titanium. Or wood even. Um if you wanna make it a particular shape, use plastic. Add an L_C_D_ screen, add a scroll wheel, that'll be fine. Or make it just push-buttons. Basically plastic gives you the b biggest variety of of options. Maybe not the nicest feel. Or not much originality really. With rubber we could uh sh pretty much shape it the way we wanted it, but we cannot add scroll wheels, and we cannot add an L_C_D_ screen. That's the tricky thing. S Certainly can be done yes. Um yeah. if that doesn't affect the functional side of it all. Like say just the underside or so then it can be done. I assume. Yeah. So The fruit design um How about um affecting the surface of the actual um remote control? Say we don't make it p a particular fruit shape obviously, but uh give it like the surface of an orange, banana, whatever. You name it. Just design-wise. Mm. Nice one. Mm. Well we we're supposed to stick to the company colours though, that's yellow and grey. So what have we, lemon, banana, is Grapefruit is what we'd go for, when it comes to the outer appearance perhaps. But mm. Well we have it banana-shaped already, kind of. So Right. I it's yellow. Well so why not add a couple of grey stripes and make it look like a banana? There you go. It could be an ape. Yeah. That's pretty much it. I informed you about the materials, what the interior has to look like, and what the limitations to certain materials are on there you go. Sure. Hang on. There you go. Well we can still design a two-piece uh remote um without having a base, having one of them be a base station, but just have it be an optional either big remote with lots of functions, or you take out the smaller piece. We can still do that. However of course this would be like designing two remotes pretty much. So um which then, as I understand it, would probably limit the, limit again the the the use of certain materials, because they would be too expensive. Say like have a scroll wheel and uh on both of them, or have an L_C_D_ screen and so on so on. You'd probably have to stick rather with a just traditional rubber button design which we saw there. But could be done, of course. Right. Okay when it comes to the chip-on-print, as I said, the the more advanced features you want, um the fancier the chip has to be and the more expensive. Uh if you want just a normal button version, the chip-on-print is gonna be a cheap one. Right? Yeah. as long as the pla uh the rubber is nowhere near the controls, yes.. M more of a l lamination perhaps. Yes. It does. Right. Right.
";The project manager reviewed the minutes of the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed the results of trend watching reports which indicated a need for products which have a fancy look and feel, are technologically innovative, easy to use, include a fruit and vegetable theme, and are spongy in feel. The marketing expert stressed the need to incorporate these findings into the team's design and suggested that the team should create a remote that has limited buttons , can be personalized, and is not rectangular. The user interface designer briefly described how speech recognition technology works and what ways a user can use a remote. The user interface designer presented three existing products on the market - a voice recognition remote, an iPod, and a children's remote - and discussed a few features to include in the team's design. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the restrictions involved in combining various components, energy sources, and materials. The industrial designer also discussed with the how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme into their design. The team then discussed and decided what components, materials, and energy sources to use. 
"Can try to plug that in there but Right. That's what we have there. That's plastic. Plastic covered with rubber. We might uh add some more underneath here. Maybe give it, give it a form. I mean you're supposed to hold it like that, but um just if you grab it, take it from somewhere, so yeah, you have some rub yeah. Exactly, use both. Might as well think about Th think about the button as well. Like either put either one one on either side or not do it at all. It's a quick on-off button. That's um yeah I think it's pretty important. So you don't have to fiddle with that. Right? Um that's not um I'd say a bit smaller would probably be nice. You wanna play with that over there. There you go. Right.. I'd say, when it comes to the ergonomics, the form and stuff, yes that's definitely more beautiful than your average. However the colour, we don't have a say in that. That has been, that has been dictated pretty much by the company. So uh to answer that honestly I would rather say like uh, we have not solved the problem completely with the ugly remote because the colour is ugly, definitely. 'S nothing you can say about that. I mean I much prefer something like brushed chrome with that form. But Right. Right. It's different. You don't want your uh three feet huge L_C_D_ dis display in your living room that's hanging from the wall to be controlled with something like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's very intuitive, I think yeah. S give it a one. Right. Right. So that's a one. Something that big and that yellow you just don't lose anymore. Oops. Hmm. Well what S Mm. Oh yeah. You probably Mm. Y you could add an extra feature actually. Which makes this thing raise hell when you remove it too far from the television. We could add that but that's nothing we have thought of so far. Yes. It's it's Um the it's based on this anti anti-theft technology for suitcases and stuff, where you have one piece that's attached to your luggage, another piece that starts beeping. That can't cost much. So that can also easily be integrated because these things are small enough to to hide, so you have one piece, you have to glue somewhere behind your stick it behind your T_V_ and the other Right. That'd be tough then. Well also your remote would uh alarm you if somebody stole you t your television, yeah. Ran off with it without taking the beautiful remote control. Let's add one of those features and say yes. Two. Uh It's all just It's all just stolen technology when it comes down to right right right right. Yeah not really. Right. Yeah well you have that, kind of, sort of. It's not a one though. One would be the whole thing to fold and stuff. Yeah. So that's a four at most. Y yes. More Well the recent fashion is rather displayed in the in the L_C_D_ and the way you operate it than the form and the colour, but it definitely is. I'm impressed. I can't do that without a calculator. Fifty percent, you're kidding. P It's too much. Um Uh Battery. Two. At four it's gonna be too heavy, so that that's not our problem. People can change it every month. They won't know until after they bought it.. That's the advanced chip-on-print, yeah. Double curved, yes. Plastic. N no. No that's just one. It's just one mo single mould, we can do that. Exactly, right. That's not a special colour. It's a specially ugly colour, but it's not special. S Yes unfortunately. We could of course make the buttons wood. Say mahogany or so Mm-hmm or titanium. Uh just Yeah that's too much. It's hard to believe. So we'll go for the hand dynamo huh? I mean let's let's face it, it also depends on the software on the on the television. You can have the the information that this thing transmits be being displayed on the on the screen. So s yeah let's take away the Yeah. Yeah. Right. Right. We may not need it. There you go. Perfect. Okay, the So we can just take away a heck of a lot of the there you go. central? Oh that's just yeah. There you go. Oops. There you go. One more criteria. Fair enough. Great. Yeah. Just half a day, you have a remote. There you go. Super super. Well that's not my fault. That's obviously the people I work for uh that work for me, uh they've just you know Heads are gonna roll, believe me. Yes yes..
The prototype discussion. No. There is our remo the banana. Um yeah basically we we st went with the colour yellow. Um working on the principle of a fruit which was mentioned, it's basically designed around a banana. Um but it would be held in such a fashion, where it is, obviously it wouldn't be that floppy 'cause this would be hard plastic. These would be like the rubber, the rubber grips. So that's so that would hopefully help with grip, or like the ergonomics of it. Um but all the controlling would be done with this scroll wheel. You have to use your imagination a little bit. And this here represents the screen, where you, where you'd go through. And the the simplest functions would be um almost identical to an iPod, where that one way ch through channels, that way th other way through channels. Volume up and down. And then to access the more complicated functions you'd you sorta go, you press that and go through the menus. It's that that simple. That just represents the infrared uh beam. That's a simple on and off switch. Um I don't know, we could use the voice. T that blue bits should be yellow, d that that'd be where the batteries would be I suppose. And um that's about it. It's as simple as you, we could make it really. Is there anything you want to add? Yeah. Doesn't make much make much difference. You could work left-handed or right-handed I suppose. T the actual thing might be smaller. Yeah. Just the on and off. Yeah. It's you know it's flimsy 'cause it's made out of heavy Play-Doh, but And whether or not it would fall into the cost everything I suppose. With the scroll and the L_C_D_. Yeah. I would. It's bright. It's It's curved. It's not there's no sharp angles to it. Some people might say it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think that was the main aim, one of the main aims that we had. Uh yeah. 'Cause we've we've brought it down to basically four controls most common, which are channel and volume. And then the other ones are just a matter of just going, just scrolling further. Yeah. Yeah. It's bright yellow. Bright yellow's hard to lose. But um if we were to, if we were, that, the speech recognition. That, we could maybe just use that solely for the the finding thing. That was what we'd we'd mentioned. Just just to use, to find it when it was lost. But like I said, like I don't think you'd lose something so yellow so easily. And it's not gonna fall, like a rectangle would slip down behind things. That's gonna be a difficult shape to Yeah. Maybe in the middle again, three or four or something? I mean you know loo losing things is one of those things that people can lose, I mean a million ways. You can pick it up and walk away with it and then you've lost it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah true. But I mean d just those whistling, clapping key rings you have. They're cheap. So it can't be that expensive. Yeah. Yeah. stick it on the T_V_. Yeah. Two. I'd say so. Uh don't get many mo remote controls with screens on. Yeah it's stolen technology. But we have. Fa 'cause it's stolen. No maybe not. Yeah as much as as needed, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. On the Yeah. Be what we were told, and they'd say yeah, definitely.. Is that some long division? No. Just, I'm sure there's a. No I can't do long very impressive. Yeah. Yeah so. You'd been going a long time dividing that. It's two point four two eight five se it just keeps going on. Two point four two basically. Charge about three hundred quid for it. We're advanced chip are we? Yeah yeah. S That's Yeah. And then I'd say the integrated. Mm. remote control. No that's getting a bit tiny. Yeah. I'd ignore that. If it w What if we completely took out the the one single button we've got on. And just had a scroll wheel interface. And the L_C_D_ display. I suppose the L_C_D_ C_ display's the one that's pushing it up a bit though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you could maybe take out the L_C_D_ dis display even, if it if it comes up on the computer itsel on the T_V_ itself. Uh that is possible yeah. There we go. Screen. Make it a bigger dial. Easier to use. Even easier to use then. That was just we ran out of yellow. There you go. Even simpler. Yeah. For all those fruit lovers out there. Yeah. I think we did yeah I think we did quite well. Um Yeah. Right from the start of the day. We sort of knew where we were going straight away I thought. Yeah. We've used the whiteboard. Technology used. Excellent.
Pretty impressive. Kind of a banana. I do. Okay. You guys are gonna help me do an evaluation of the criteria. Um. Okay. So first I'll just discuss some of the criteria that I found. Just based on the past trend reports that I was looking at earlier. And then we'll do a group evaluation of the prototype. And then we will calculate the average score to see how we did. Um so the criteria we're gonna be looking at are the complaints um that we heard from the users who were interviewed earlier. So we're gonna be doing it based on a seven point scale. And one is going to mean true, that we did actually achieve that. With seven being false, we did not achieve that.. Okay. So for the first one, we need to decide, did we solved the problem of the users who complained about an ugly remote? Mm. Mm. Yeah I think the colours detract a little bit. That's true. Yeah. Um okay so, do you think, since we This was a a sign criteria, do you think maybe we should put it somewhere in the middle then? Does that sound good? What do you think? Three? Four? Five? Four is fair. Okay. Okay, the second one. Did we make it simple for new users? One, 'kay. Okay. Um, do the controls now match the operating behaviour of the users? I'd say that So one? Yeah? Okay. Okay um the fourth one. How about the problem of a remote being easily lost? One of the number one complaints. Whether you want to or not, you're not gonna lose it. Okay. That's true. Mm. Annoying alarm or something? Yeah. So. Are we adding one of these two features? gonna say okay. So we're back to a one? Or a two? Two, 'kay. Okay. Are we technologically innovative? From iPod yeah. But for remotes yeah. Two? Three? But how many remotes do you see like this? Not so many. Really? Okay. That's gonna hurt us. Okay. Um spongy material? 'Kay. And lastly, did we put the fashion in electronics? I'd say we did. 'Kay. Alright. Now we just gotta calculate. Six eight twelve sixteen. Seventeen divided by s Eight. Well I haven't done math in years. What two I dunno. Okay we'll say two point four two. Right? How does that look? It's been a while. Oh no. They just told me to pick my own criteria and have you guys evaluate it basically. So that's that. Oh my god. Okay. Yeah we'll go with that. Not too shabby. Right. Oh. Bright yellow. It'd look really lovely. Yeah. Leave it blank. Perfect.. What's the blue part? Oh that's the batteries. Okay. Looks more like a banana. Trying to fill in some time there. Good teamwork. Minus your PowerPoint fiasco. No I know. I'm yeah. Incom Mm. Kinda. We might have a while though.
Yep. Soon as I get this. Okay. This is our last meeting. Um I'll go ahead and go through the minutes from the previous meeting. Uh and then we'll have a, the prototype presentation. Um then we will um do an evaluation. Uh or we'll see what, what we need to have under the criteria for the evaluation. Then we'll go through the finance and see if we fall within the budget. Um then we'll do the evaluation, and then we can finish up after that with um any changes that we'll need to make, or hopefully everything will fall right in line. Um let's see, minutes from the last meeting. Um we looked at uh the the trends. We had uh the fashion trends that people want a fancy look-and-feel. It was twice as important as anything else. Um they liked fruit and vegetables in the new styles. Um and a spongy feel. So we were talking about trying to incorporate those into our prototype. Um they wanted limited buttons and simplicity. Um then we looked at the uh the method for coming up with our own remote. Um looking at other other devices. Um the iPod, we really liked the look of that. Um we also had uh the kid's remote for a simple idea. Um a two part remote, which was what were were originally looking at. Uh and then um there was talk of spee uh speech recognition um becoming more uh predominant and easier to use. But I think we've still decided not to go with that. Then we looked at the components um the materials for the case, the different energy sources, the different types of chips, um and made a decision on what we were going to use to make our remote. Um and basically how, what were making for the prototype. So I'm going to leave it at that and let you guys take over. The prototype yeah. Do you need a this? Okay. Very nice. Mm-hmm. What but what's that button? Uh, 'kay. 'Kay. Would you like to uh Well done. Well luckily we are going to find out. Or not luckily. Um do you have a marketing presentation for us. I think it's definitely different than anything else out there. So if they think that what is out there is ugly, then yes I would say, I would say most definitely. It's bright. It still has your traditional black. Yep, not angular. Mm. Yep. Yeah something more modern to go a a modern colour to go with the modern form. Yeah. I would say four. Very non-committal, four. Yeah. Mm-hmm. S scrolling through and selecting a few. I think that's a one. So if we incorporate speech recognition into it then it could And it is quite bright and Uh Yeah. But if we do go with the, with the speech recognition, then it, then our scale goes up quite a bit I think. Probably two. You know. If we eliminate the fact that you know it's impossible to guarantee that it's not gonna be lost then I'd say two. With the speech recognition, which of course may be changed depending on budget. Which, which may be cheaper than speech recognition if it were just a Some sort of proximity Pray that you don't accidentally lose that piece. Okay. Two. It's But there's not a lot of yellow, there's not a lotta yellow. Course that wasn't really we were kinda forced to take that colour. I don't know that we are that innovative, to tell you the truth. If we added the screaming factor then we go up. Um I would say we're probably at four. We have some spongy, yeah. No. Yeah. Because it's only got what, these parts are the grips and perhaps the back side the bottom the underneath on the back. Probably a four at most. Possibly even a five. If your fashion is b is Carmen Miranda, you betcha. It's true. Seven is Two point two point four? Something. And what what is the acceptable criteria? Is there like a scale that we have to hit? Alright then. Okay. Well, let's see. Now we get to do the budget numbers. You didn't know that you were gonna have a budget. But we do. Okay. So I have here an Yeah. We want a fifty percent profit on this. Oh you can't really see that very well. Twelve and a half Euros is what supposed to cost us. Okay, so Well let's see. The f the Wonder if I can make this What the Oh it won't let me do that. Okay. Alright so at top, I don't know if you guys can read that or not. I can't 'cause I don't have my glasses on, but so we've got the energy source. There's uh four, five, six categories. We have energy source, electronics, case. Then we have case material supplements, interface type, and then button supplements. Okay so Uh first of all energy source, we picked battery. Um and how many batteries do we think this will probably take? Probably some e either two or four. Two? Like it. Excellent. This is consumerism. Alright so for the electronics our choices are simpl simple chip-on-print, regular chip-on-print, advanced chip-on-print, sample sensor, sample speaker. 'Kay, we have one of those. 'Kay then the case is a Probably it's double curved. Case materials are plastic. Um I guess it's two, since one for the top, one for the bottom. Is that right or is it just one? Maybe it's one because of the 'Kay. I guess it doesn't matter 'cause the price on that one is zero, which is nice. Special colour? Interface type. We have pushbutton, scroll-wheel interface, integrated scroll-wheel pushbutton, and an L_C_D_ display. So we actually have the L_C_D_ display and then is it the integrated or is it Yeah. 'Kay. Button supplement? Special colour? Um special form? Special material. Or titanium. They cost us all the same. Well we only have one button so really we shouldn't be charged, we shouldn't be charged anything for the the button supplements. Um Okay. We're gonna leave that one blank because we run on a L_C_D_ and scroll. So our total is fifteen point five. Which I believe is by three Euros over. So the only thing better than um a banana-shaped remote is one that you shake. Yeah 'cause the Well 'cause we have to have both right? Mm-hmm. So we may not need the L_C_D_ display? Well there we go. Twelve point five. Okay. So we just remove our screen here. Besides look at what the L_C_D_ does to our lovely remote. Back to the design room boys. Okay so the costs under twelve point five Euro. Was no. We redesigned it. Now it's yes. Next slide. Project evaluation. Uh project process, satisfaction with, for example, room for creativity, leadership, teamwork, means, new ideas found. Um So I guess that Let's see here. I think that perhaps the project evaluation's just supposed to be completed by me. But I'd like to hear your thoughts. Uh h what did you think of our project process? Good. Yeah I think we st we started off a little little weak. Our leadership was quite weak in the beginning. Um um But as the day went along we had more idea of what we were doing. Um room for creativity? There was that. Um I think we tried a lotta different things and um I think it was um interesting as you guys brought up more um information and studies that we were right on with a lot of those things. Um you guys worked together well as a team. And um the means? Which was the whiteboard and the pens. I had some problem with the pen I think, but minus your p Well Have a we have a list of employees that you would like fired. Okay. N new ideas found? Um Yes for the remote. Maybe no not f for technology. Alright. Closing. Costs are within the budget. Project is evaluated. Um complete the final questionnaire and meeting summary. That's it. And I still have to do my minutes for the last meeting. Actually. Um so there will probably be another questionnaire coming up. And then we'll have to check with the main boss whether we can, what goes on after that. But that's the end of our meeting.
";The project manager opened the meeting and read the minutes of the previous meeting. The industrial designer and user interface designer presented the prototype they created, which was designed to look like a banana. The marketing expert conducted an evaluation of the prototype. The team found that, although the overall design of the prototype was attractive, its yellow color was ugly. The team rated the prototype highly on its ease of use and felt that its yellow color and shape detracted slightly from its ability to be misplaced and that a feature which causes the remote to make noise based on its proximity to a television needed to be added. The team thought the prototype was fashionable and not technologically innovative or spongy. The project manager led the team in calculating the production costs of the remote and ensuring that they aligned with the project budget. The costs were over budget, so the team opted to exclude the LCD from their design to meet their budget. The team conducted an evaluation of the project process and found that they performed well and were somewhat satisfied by the resources available to them. 
"Mm-hmm. Uh, they have another group and then uh uh uh Andre and Agnes will discuss about it with. You are the rep representative of this group actually. Hmm. Yeah uh, okay uh, me personally I would like to to to share the other peopl n uh the room with assistants as when you have problems of normal life, like uh the printer doesn't work, uh I don't want to ask this to my supervisor, so it's better to to be with a with an assistant to share the room. Mm-hmm. What uh I don't think it's a good idea to share uh t to ha to share the same desk. Uh I still would like to have my drawers and these things. It's It's funny that uh we move to another building because we run out of uh space and we will have the same problem. Ah okay. But uh usually, whe when new assistants come, they would like to share the room with someone that knows uh l uh it's related with the project, so he can Mm. No, okay. Mm-hmm. Is it allowed to smoke inside an office, if it's a one person No, not any more. Mm-hmm. Wow, there there's no place in inside the building? Wow, E_T_P_F_L_ is a c it's a non-smoking campus, but there are some places tha Yeah yeah yeah. W what abou what about the the the cafeteria? I mean, we are going to purchase a cafeteria with a projector and all this altogether or Reading room, yeah. It's altogether. So in the living room Bu I ju just before finishing uh, I mean, we have a cafeteria or we don't eat at all? A place n what mm uh we can take a coffee also. No? But they close at five or? Ah okay. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, this. Ah that's the main problem. Okay. Yes, I ha I have no constraints, so it's fine.
Okay. Oh yeah. Andre, just, yeah, just a a clarification question, are they number of people per room indicated strict, or can we play around with? I mean if there are two people, is it really that you can't put three or uh two and a half or uh how how was it calculated? 'Kay. Mm-hmm. I have everything. Okay, so Are you sure of that? Mm-hmm. Yeah, but counting the rea the the reading room. Mm-hmm. And Susan, don't forget the time we spend to for discussions about that room, so you should be able to valorize this if possible. But I still agree with you that the b the we are not so we are not so large, as far as space is concerned. Uh because fifteen people to put in there eighteen positions, so uh to the best uh if you take uh two people room for the reading room, then you have uh sixteen places. Mm. Yeah, that that also means that the growth will be zero. Visiting visiti visiting researchers, students coming for exchange students et cetera. We j we stay where we are. No the the the chances might be that there are more people to put in that space. Andre, sorry for interrupting, but uh one again clarification question, what is the real margin of manoeuvre that we have for these discussions, because uh at least we are half per cent uh fifty per cent of from E_P_F_L_ and uh sometimes you have meetings where w y the the decision is already taken, so uh um you can spend quite a lot of time discussing things, so what what will be the impact of what we will come out come up with? So, another way of a Another way of asking the question, is there any other group already working on uh on the how this should be uh should be allocated? Or are we the the one that is supposed to do the p the the p position for it? But wha why why don't they have any representative here. I mean Yeah, why do we do it separately? Okay. No, but you know that that's a standard thing. It's Suppose that somebody for some strange reasons want to be in the corner and we don't know about that, we'll put them put her or him somewhere else, then we will do plenty of work for nothing, because we'll not have this constraint. We'll not be aware of this constraint. Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that. That's Whe whe where part-time is important is that it's n an overlo load on a room, so um for sure if you have a part-time person, it reduces the the ranges of time where too many people in the room. As far as I am concerned I probably might be able to have a kind of a regular presence here. Um, the uh the thing that f in my case has to be taken into account is that I will have a lot of phone calls. So I'll be talking o o o over the phone all the time. So that's not necessary Well, it depends on I I have nothing against sharing a a an office with somebody. I d already did it before, so and it was perfectly fine. It just has to be somebody who can work while somebody else is having phone calls in the in the room, which is very d much dependent on people. Some people are not disturb at all by this. Some people just can't work. I'm not. But uh and uh what might happen, but it uh it will not be so heavy here uh at ISSCO is visitors. So that I will have more at E_P_F_L_, uh typically students coming in um or asking for things. As I'm not teaching here, I'm teaching at E_P_F_L_, this should shouldn't be a such a big load. So for me it it will be essentially I will not be I will not be able to be silent in the room, because I will be communicating also through vocal means, so Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Do you go for boxes for instance? In the in the bigger rooms where, yeah You know like uh cubicles? Yeah. Hmm. You mean, you really want to have walls. Four walls. Yeah. Yeah, sure sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I fully agree with that. That's uh it's much easier to me to uh to foresee having two people of the same position sharing a room, than uh Oh sharing with their students. Oh sorry, because but that that's uh it's it's tricky because of confidentiality reasons, as you said. Yeah, you you you are discussing a budget on the on the project, you over the phone typically you don't necessary want to have somebody who will be dependent on that budget being part of the discussion, so No. No, because pro project doesn't last in time. They will change. That's what The only thing that will not or that will change only progressively in time is the status of the people. Mm. Yeah, they will promote that. But still, th some things Well, yeah. Yeah. If if it if i if projects are what you have in mind, I think that uh meeting room is the the tool for that. If you need to have people in a projects talking together, they just have a meeting room if it's not too far away then then it's a very good good practice. Yes. That's why I was quite receptive to uh Susan's remark at the beginning is I wouldn't formulate it in a such a an extreme way as, do we really need the lounge? But uh I would p probably formulate it in the way that uh, do we want to have only a lounge or s something that can be used only as a reading room? Because because meeting rooms to me are very important tools to do uh collaborative work. But on the other hand we also have to relax, so that's Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. 'Cause that's really my one of my worries with the plan that we have here is that it's it pr provides no possible possibilities of expansion. And this will happen. I mean you can't you can't prevent having visitors. And you shouldn't. Which for for fifteen people it's not enough. I mean uh Yeah it's We have we have four professors here and and and two researchers. Mm. It's bad it's bad. Because this is really related with security uh regulation as well. I mean you can't just put walls in in rooms without any specific authoris Yeah. Uh it's not necessary heavy in terms of work. It's heavy in terms of administrative authorisation. At least at E_P_F_L_. I think so. If you organise the desks in a in a intelligent way. Yep. Yeah, right, that's the point. No. Coffee machines are that made for that. No, that's that's proximity doesn't play a big role there. We can discuss with people that the the space is very small, I mean, altogether it's And uh you don't y you don't need to discuss about the projects, you f more need about th to discuss about where is the printer, how do I get furniture, I'm I don't have a a pencil, where is the the box with the pencils, and so on. This is not project related. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. No. It's non-smoking campus. Not even in the cafeteria? Downstairs? Okay. Wow. On the roof maybe. The balcony, okay. But Andre, uh just a Still some places where smokers can survive. But Andre, just a comment abou about your your previous uh request. I I don't think that anyone will provide you information such as who doesn't want to be with whom. That's a typical uh output of ex uh research in expert systems. These are the rules that you never get. But uh you can get them through a proposal. So you propose a set-up, where people are with other peoples and they will find politically correct ways to tell you that uh they don't want to have a view on the mountains, but they prefer to have view on the old town, so they would be in the toilets. They would um p prefer to be in another room. Yeah. Yeah. But that's a sec s that's the admin that's the admin uh so it's part of the work. Yeah. And that that's a problem, you're right, because because we don't have a one person we d we don't have enough one person rooms for uh accommodating the uh the admin place. And uh if you put two person persons or three persons for the admin space, who who who else would you put in there? Because we don't have any assistant manager or we don't have We have only one half part half-time uh admin and no other non-researcher positions, if I'm not mistaken. And this is really a piece of a problem. Maybe you could put some visitors, but um I know. It's not very uh realistic in a in a in an admin room, but uh Yeah, because You can't put a researcher there. That's just Either you lose one position or you find another admin or assistant manager. Yeah. Yep. No that's not sure that's not sure. Uh the there are To me there are two options possible is either you we can take one of the one person rooms for the admin, because some of, typically, the professors have good reasons for sharing. Sharing either with a colleague or sharing uh with some of their uh one of their P_H_D_ students. In that case it's it's realistic. Then we could very very simply uh allocate the one pers one of the one person rooms for the admin. And that would solve the problem. The other thing is to take a two person room for the admin. That could be the one uh close to the uh close to the here in the centre so uh the Yeah. But tha No no no, the other one, the the one op Yeah, here, this one. But then uh that the the question of what do we do with the second position there remains fully open. So I would be I would be more of the opinion to to see whether it's it's so evident that, let's say the at least the two full full-time professors that are here on the list, we have one here, but uh Maggie is is not present. If they really Yeah, and Pierrette. If if if because of personal preferences they would be happy with a two person room, which might or might not be the case. I mean it's it's certainly not uh something that we should impose, but we can ask. Yeah, but that's not realistic either. I mean, you have you have a fore foreign researcher coming visiting you and you will put put him in the admin office? Uh you'll not do that. I mean uh, maybe you can do that with an exchange student, that's But you can't take a senior visitor and uh him in the in the secretary. Uh you're here. As Susan said, p Yeah? Is that so? Oh. Yeah. Okay. No no, that's it. As we said, it's it's really a matter of personal preference, it cannot be something else. It cannot be imposed for sure. It's uh job. Again uh uh um, Andre, I think that the only realistic way we can do is to speak for our for ourselves. I can tell you according to what I know now where I would like or would be ready to be, but I really don't see how I could decide for uh Maggie or Pierrette or whoever else on the list, that they should be there. Yeah, b why why couldn't we do like couldn't we do it like for for the the set-up of meetings. You you everyone received that and uh should provide Yeah, I would like to be here. And then you will have this multi-constraint problem and uh you work during two hours and you come up with the optimal solution. Yeah, I would I would ask for their place. I mean that's that's that's the important thing you want to know. Uh it's a reading room. Reading room, it's not a cafeteria. But that that's an open question whether it's a it's a it's a it At the origin it was supposed to be a f pure reading room for relaxing, uh reading the newspapers, et cetera, et cetera. Uh there has been a very long discussion about that. I stinct uh this discussion is still vivid, that some of the people, I bel belong to these people, would like to have a mixed room where you can have a reading room for sure, but also meeting room if necessary. Or, as uh Susan said, a room an emergency room where you can put uh some visitors in a decent environment for for for for work, because you don't have any other place to do it. But that's that's really an open discussion and that d I think no decision, no final decision has been taken about that. Yes. Yes. The one that I don't want to have in the next room? Okay. Okay. That would be great. That would be great. C that that of course is one of the main well not main but one of the important features that we need to know about. Yes. Yes. We don't have cafeteria. No, there is no coffee in the reading room. That was the wrong We we did not have any money for buying the coffee machines, so Five. And you can bring your coffee in the reading room. T to try the coffee? Wait, wai wai wai wait. Next Tuesday. Uh, well well well well, not so easy, eh? Next Tuesday we have a meeting, yeah. That might be Where is the meeting? It's Unimail? Okay, so, yeah yeah, then it could be that That yeah. That that would be great, because that would allow us not to move, or not to travel twice. Yeah, after lunch. Right. Yep. Okay. Thank you.
And don't forget the I have a copy. Yeah. Two Six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen sixteen seventeen eighteen. Do we really need that? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And if we don't get this space then what happens? These, yeah. Okay. Yeah, why didn't we have a meeting together? Well, certainly we have to ask uh Pierrette and uh and Maggie, since they're not here, because they also have a lot of students that they have to see as we do, and so that's another consideration, too. Oh great. Ye mm before um talking more about individual preferences, is there any possibility, what they have done in the uh faculty of law, for example, that they actually split rooms? And so we would take uh uh one of the two people rooms and split it. And you would see that you would have the same size office, but that would give the privacy. Um insofar as in just about every other faculty in the building, every professor has their own office. And it's it's really it goes a bit far that uh we have to have this uh all this sharing uh. So one option and that but that we would need to ask about if we could uh split one of the rooms uh That doesn't really solve it uh I mean there's there's really a difference to having to have your own Yeah, and sometimes you have uh you need to have private uh discussions with somebody or whatever, so Well, I I think it's uh really a matter of personal preference. As you know um, I prefer to have uh my own office. Um, I also have uh a lot of phone calls and y you know, have to see people, and with the other work that I'm doing with the rectorate uh, that is really confidential information that I'm treating. So I That I have to be really careful about too. But it's a personal preference uh. Insofar as what we've had up until now, both Maggie and Pierrette have been happy to share with others. So I mean I think that we should still check with them Well, not sharing with each other. They each share with an assistant. Yeah. Paid on that Mm-hmm. Yeah, and also some of our the people mentioned here are working on more than one project too. So For example, uh Marianne de uh, she's also working with me on the virtual campus project, so she that one wasn't mentioned, but I'm not saying that I necessarily want to be with her in the office, but uh it's just to say people are working on uh sometimes more than one project uh Yeah. Yep. Well, yeah, we'll skip that for now. No I d um the lounge okay, but I think we need to also see it as a overflow place when we have um uh visitors for any length of time, so they actually have a place to work. No, you want to have visitors. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, but we have more space here than what we currently have, so it's at least some Mm-hmm. No. No, because they can share their ideas across the project, yeah, I would say. No, and if you look now at their uh the the current division of the offices, for example, uh Bruno and Agnes are sharing an office and they're working on totally different projects and and they're they're just fine with that. Well, there there were, but they sort of disappeared as of October when the no smoking rule came in, because before we were grouping the smokers and now that there's no smoking, uh I guess that's not very important option, though Well, except for that maybe you don't even want anybody smoking on your balcony, so No. No, n it's in in principle it's a it's a no smoking building. You can smoke outside. So you can go outside onto the balcony to smoke. Not even in the cafeteria. No. Full no smoking building for all of the six thousand students. Yeah. Yep. There is the there's that terrace. No. The other way. No, we we do have one constraint that's difficult, which is uh Gisella, because when she's there she's very noisy. She's on the phone a lot It's just it's by Yeah. It's by nat uh by the nature of her work that uh a lot of it is communication. Yeah. Yep. I think that's a excellent idea. Why don't we ask about that? I mean there is certainly enough space uh down the hall, wi if all of those uh uh offices that are, where half of them are also half time, and they're very under-used. So um And Pierrette too. Yeah, with with younger people, yeah. No. So we we invite invite and then we say, okay you can sit with Gisella. Um Except for in every other faculty. Yes, it is so. Every other faculty as far as I have seen their offices and the people that I know and that's in um in law, uh socio-economics, uh okay? It's a They all have their own office. I mean in in the in the law faculty they're at best there half time. We're gonna have to. Okay, I'll ask um uh Maggie and Pierrette uh if they have uh any preferences. Yeah. No. Yeah, since they're not at the meeting I think it's in out of courtesy we should first ask them. He means reading room. No. Coffee machines. No, there's the cafeteria is downstairs, but they close at five. Yeah, but there's the two machines, and they're uh the vending machines where you just put the money and and you can get Yeah. Yeah. Wait. Wait, wait. Tuesday um Ch Um we have the don't forget we have the other meeting the M_D_M_ meeting in the morning, so it would have to be in the afternoon. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. At nine thirty, but we could do we could have this meeting then in the afternoon. Nah? Yep. Okay. Yeah. Okay.
Um, so hi everyone. Thanks for coming to this meeting. Um well as you all know the topic of this morning's meeting is uh the fact that we're moving and we are going to get more space. So that's a very good piece of news. Uh but we also have to find out how we use this space. So um if you want, I'll just give a brief overview of what's happening and then we can uh talk about, well, arranging these new uh the new office space. So um in case you haven't seen the the documents uh let me just uh show you very briefly the the configuration of the the space. So um well, there is nothing much to say. Well you know how many of us are are present and you know that we are um a bit tight actually in our present location. Uh that's why actually the university finally um allocated us this uh this part of uh the Unimail building. So it's at the sixth floor. And it's uh sort of contiguous rooms as you you can all see from uh from here. Um so the the the one P_, two P_, three P_ means the the number of persons. As you can see we have several corridor um with a number of uh of uh of rooms, of one person rooms, two person room and and three person rooms. Um actually I think Agnes did this nice drawing so she even put the the view, so we have the old town on one side, and the mountains on the other two sides. Uh we have some bathrooms for us. Uh and a courtyard which actually means a sort of uh shaft, because uh the court is uh down at uh the first floor. Well, it's a bit difficult to say, because um in fact we have some constraints in terms of furniture. Uh they are here. So um well, your your person Your your question actually is answered maybe by the third item. So each person should get um, well, it's a sort of desk, it's made of two pieces and it looks like a corner. With, of course, a chair. Uh a filing cabinet that goes under the desk uh and, well, we can put hanging shelves over the the desks. So I'm not really sure it's possible to get three um three desks in a two person office. But um we could try. What's What should be said here, I don't know if, well, you I I will maybe distribute now documents if you don't have them. Maybe it's easier. Do you need something, Martin? Um, I can keep this for you. Uh so it's it's Yeah, you have a copy, Susan. You too David, I think. So in fact there are more places than people, so we won't be that constrained. Uh as you know some of us and some of you here actually, Martin and David are part-time. So it it's for the moment quite comfortable. Normally we should even get an extra uh an extra place for, you know, temporary people coming to work on uh on projects. Uh yeah, I uh yeah, I counted so we have um fifteen pers physical persons and about uh sixteen, I think, uh persons oh, actually, eighteen persons in the offices. Exactly, it so one of the issues uh here, it's probably not on the slides, is that we would like to have uh, unlike what had until now, a lounge or reading room uh in one of the the offices. So in one of the rooms. Um, I think quite a lot of people e expressed the need for that. So if we could do it, then I think it would be much nicer. Um let me also uh st say something Yep. Yeah, I I think so. Mm-hmm. Well, sixteen slots for fifteen people. So it's still should be feasible. That's Yeah, I think that's quite important to manage some space. Maybe we can think of, yeah, some two or three, yeah, for visiting people. Correct. Mm-hmm. Okay, so let me finish with the the constraints which are almost done. So we also need to to find the a spot for the photocopier, the fax machine, and the printer. The fax, you know, is very small, but um the photocopier is quite huge, and the printer is uh well ab this size. Um okay, the offices comes with white boards. Not very uh very important. Uh the furniture that w each each person has and uh you have a list of people. So the thing uh you you ought to know is that we're not the only ones that w we're thin that that are thinking about uh for well, about putting people i in these rooms. Um there is another group that is also having discussions. So the idea is that today we'll just try to f start seeing the main constraints and then you have time to to go and think about it uh ask the people you know, your assistants, for instance, and at the next meeting we'll try to to come with one solution. Uh, the other group will also propose a solution and then there will be another negotiation. So w Uh if i if we don't get these? Um, well basically they are promised to us so uh Do do you think there are chances that they take from us one of the rooms or uh Yeah, I I I think it's uh Uh, yeah. Yeah i yeah, that's one of the the problems. I think maybe we should take this into account and maybe think of some of the bigger rooms with four people, one being temporary or or part-time. Um okay, so maybe we could try to to see now what would be the main options. Say the general uh, well, arrangement options. Do you think that we should put people, say, according to projects for instance? In in the table that um that we have, uh we also have the uh uh the p the main projects on which the people are working. So how Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh, actually what is fixed is the n the number of rooms. This we cannot really change. I mean at least not us, it would be much more difficult to get another another room for instance. But what is absolutely n not fixed is the arrangement of the people in the rooms. So basically we are all the permutations are possible at the moment. Um Well, what we are looking for is a solution that suits everyone and that makes the maximum of people happy. So uh the other group is, uh I don't think we have to see them as competitors, but they are just trying to to find another local optimum. Or l uh Uh Yeah. Yeah uh uh we Yeah. I I think that's Yeah, there is no real competition between the two, but we'll just try to find at least two solutions and see how how close they are, actually. It's it's I think well the m the people who who decided this thought it was the best solution to, mm well, you know, find two two kinds of opinions. Yeah. Well, we could have been eight h sitting around here and and talking, but I think it's it's more difficult. Mm-hmm. Well Exactly, I think So so today the goal is not to to find the solution today, but to set some constraints and then go and see the people and find out if they have any preferences. Obviously we won't be able to accommodate all the the preferences, but at least we'll find the most uh the most important ones. P s I think Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think so that's one of the things I think we know that they have students, we don't know exactly if they prefer for instance to be alone, or to well, to be with their assistant, or even with another person working on the project. So that would have been maybe, yeah, another solution is to ask everyone to provide uh an arrangement, but uh I think that's a bit uh a bit hard then to to work out. Um so since all of you have a copy of the uh, well, of the drawing, I think for the next time, m maybe you could come with a concrete proposal with uh names on it. But let us try to see today whether we prefer to organise people, say, by projects or just professor and assistant. So what would be f, say, first your preferences, since Let's let's start with us, maybe today. Um what do you think about it? Would you prefer to be alone, would you prefer to be with your assistant. You who are part-time, do you think you can come here on a very w well regular schedule or is it part-time, but variable during the week? Uh-huh. And since you're coming on the uh half-time, do you think you will be able to group your presence here, say Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning, or is it going to be m much more random? Okay. Yeah, I think so too. Um so Martin, you are also uh half-time and, well, the third person is Gisella. I think it's quite clear that mm each person should have their own desk and Yeah. It's no no way we we could put two persons at the same desk. Yeah, I think grouping Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Are you disturbed by the phone calls of other people? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Like cubicles. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I I I will try to find out whether we can separate. I think for the moment the answer at least is no, because um it's not only, well, making a wall, but also b mm making a new door. So it's quite a lot of uh of work, but uh I will try to find this out for the next time. Um, so at least for the moment, as you can see there are uh I can show them here on the screen. So there are these two rooms on the left that uh accommodate one person. So at least some of the professors, since you are four, uh could could go uh well, could take these uh these rooms. And quite a lot of rooms with two persons. Uh how do you feel Susan about the professor sharing the room with her assistants or the one which is the most involved in in the teaching? Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's um that's true. Um, okay. Um, maybe we could s look a bit at the projects. Do you think it's a good idea to put together in the same room as much as possible people from the same project, since they talk quite a lot of to each other? Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, yeah, and some of the P_H_D_ students will hopefully finish their P_H_D_ at some point. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well, actually, so the lounge could serve as some kind of meeting room, but there are also more formal meeting rooms available in in the building, as we now know. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So I think we need a Yeah, and and I think also we need a separate discussion on the furnishing of the lounge, which is a whole other topic. Uh-huh. Um Yeah, yeah, for the moment actually I think only one slot would be fully free. Uh that is Yeah. Yeah, that means one visitor at a time. Or one intern. Yeah, that's Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's already in progress. And you're you're working Uh I think, yeah, w Okay, so one of the things I have to do for the next time is fin find out about the separations between rooms and Yeah, I think it's quite a heavy transformation of the building. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And okay, I'll try to find out. And the other question is, can we squeeze maybe four people in the uh or at least four places in the three three P_ room? Yeah, hopefully visitors don't need as much say filing space, or um Yeah, they don't have that many papers. Uh okay. So that's uh I have to to ask, so you don't really feel um very strongly attached to this uh grouping by projects idea? Mm-hmm. Um Yeah, exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they they can change. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think that's that's going to be one of the the main things we'll have to ask is whether people have strong preferences either in staying with someone or in uh not staying. Um, are you aware f of any strong constraints right now? Oh. Okay, yeah, that's true. So smoking is now um no longer a constraint. Yeah. Yeah. That's the new regulation. Uh on the balcony, actually. Yeah. Normally. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. O on the toilets or Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes, Martin said also for him and, yeah, especially for her. Yeah the in she's the interface. So Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, I think Yeah. Mm-hmm. I think putting Gisella with the other admin of the school is not an option, because we weren't offered Yeah, it would be nice, but uh Okay, I'll try to find out, but uh I th Yeah. Okay, we'll try, but all these, yeah, are say sort of difficult questions because they involve changing also the offices of the school and, you know, people just don't wanna change in general. Um, let's see, maybe we can find some temporary well, at least a proposal for Gisella. So, since the one-person rooms are quite, well, sort of um desired by a lot of people, she should probably No, y Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, the the middle one here? Okay. This one. Okay. Mm-hmm. Well Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, well Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because in this case, yeah, Gisella could take one of the the two person rooms and the other place would be for some kind of visitor, that I or Ah. Okay. Uh. Yeah, or an intern. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay so this sets a bit the stage for uh for Gisella then. Uh yeah we'll try to to find out. Um, actually, yeah, maybe we should remind that quite a lot of professors at the at the school actually share their office with their assistant. So b it looks like sort of an implicit tradition. Maybe not to be followed. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um, okay so I think Well, this sets a bit uh the stage. Uh could we try So could you try please to uh Do you want an extra uh piece of paper? Maybe try to, well, think on your own and then talk a little bit just to the people around you. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No the point was to try to, well, just talk to them, to David, or Mm-hmm. Yeah. So w w w will you ask people just for their place or also for the other people's place? Because Uh-huh. Well, but that's Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, th then Okay then for the next time, um try to come up either with your own preferences, that's quite easy probably to state now that you know the constraints, or if you can poll a little bit the people around you, that would be I mean, even Well, just discuss i Yeah, for instance, I mean No, no, I was thinking just ask people around you what they think about this. And I think, yeah, it will be nice to to come with maybe a sketch of of these. If you can do slides, it's even better, but uh don't be that formal. And uh we'll try to at least build up one coherent proposal, and we'll merge it with the other one when the other one uh is available. Um. Oh, great. Mm-hmm. Perfect. Yeah. And I'll try to Fine. What do you mean by cafeteria exactly? What Yeah, w we can bring your coffee in the reading room, but So so since maybe, you're a part-time here, and part-ti part-time at E_P_F_L_, there are at least two um coffee machines in the building, one at the third floor, one at the first floor. And we can bring our coffee. No uh automatic uh coffee machines. So uh yeah. But, in Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, vending machines. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, maybe this is not a very bad timing. Could we try to meet uh next Tuesday? Um, next Tuesday maybe at t maybe a bit later? Maybe at eleven o'clock? Come on, try try to be nice. Gi give me a reasonable date. Yeah, for me it's a good timing. Uh-huh, okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Very well. So about two o'clock? Would that be okay? After lunch. It's not a very demanding meeting, so um Perfect. Um, then let me close this. And uh good luck for your arrangement games.
";The project manager opened the meeting and described the layout of the new location the group might be moving to. The project manager answered questions regarding the number of people per office and whether a lounge was necessary. The project manager discussed constraints regarding furniture and equipment and addressed the issue that the group may not get the space they are after. The group then discussed how to arrange people within the proposed space. The group discussed grouping  professors and their students together, grouping members of the same project together, the potential disturbance of phone calls to people sharing an office, physically splitting up offices for the sake of privacy by erecting walls, creating a meeting room for people of the same project to converge, how to accommodate visitors, where people can go to smoke, where to place Gisella, and how to allocate space to admin. The group also discussed the possibility of having a cafeteria and the locations of coffee machines. 
"Yes. Yeah, Martin. Mar Ah. Yeah, ho Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. But you no specific uh views for mountains or old town or I mean people prefer any windows. Oh. Oh. Yeah, I guess those thin lines, or I mean they're windows or Okay. Oh oh k okay oh 'kay. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. And then one of old town. Yeah. Oh. So you can't do any partitions? I mean, you plan to do any partitions in three p person rooms or like this kind of blocks? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just three desks, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. But how often the lounge is used, um People uses on regular basis daily basis or Oh. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. So you have some Oh. So you have some books also like? Mm hmm Oh, okay. Hmm. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, you mean you can display some new journals or a new proceedings and Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You mean these fifty per cents, I mean, they're all separate or Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah. I mean, they don't Okay. Yeah yeah. Yeah okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And then secretary has separate room. Yeah, okay 'cause Yeah, okay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. N d Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe can you combine both, or like in two person room, Pierrette too? Yeah, Martin is fifty per cent. Maybe Okay. Yeah. One is finishing. Oh. But then you can create on more spared place in that big three piece room, no Yeah, somewhere. fifty per cent. Yeah yeah yeah. But then you can move administration to the single room. The k Because she's only fifty per cent working and and she will Oh yeah. Yeah, and give that room to f some professor with a student or from for visitor with the visiting place or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you can't put three desks in the two person rooms. Yeah. Yeah. Oh mm. Mm. But even like you can put mm Paola in administrate office like You're already three people. Mm, it looks like small room compared to the other three p Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. K Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's fine. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Thank you.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, actually Martin is fifty per cent time. Yeah. No? Oh, because you would say that she's an assistant professor or something like that. Oh, okay. Yeah. But um yeah, maybe that's Yeah, there are full professors and assistant professors, if you want. And, yeah, it's true that she's an assistant professor, but uh well, we see, maybe we can move a little bit around just to give her uh, well, also at least, maybe not a uh an office alone, but at least with just one person, not two. We'll see. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, no, mountains are just in the far so, that's not Mm-hmm. Yeah. Um well, uh I can think of some reactions from the people wi so maybe I can Well, r Yeah, well, tell me about some of the constraints and Well, first of all I must say that there are also quite a lot of common points, so um it's probably not going to be very difficult to Yeah, please. Thanks. Perfect. So um, yeah, actually we um Well, basically the the group who produced this uh proposal is made by Susan, Martin, David and uh and myself. And we also well, Susan volunteered to ask Maggie and Pierrette about how they they felt about sharing offices, and. So, as you can see, well um Susan gets obviously the same office, which is quite a good thing. Um, then things started move a bit. It looks like I'm also in the same position. But the most obvious constraints that uh we we found here was that it was probably very difficult to have a lounge uh just a lounge in one room, because it would block us two full working places. And although it's true that the group, I agree, decided to to had to have a lounge, we propose to put the lounge uh in the room at the the upper side on on the right. Uh, so let two people share this with uh sort of a, yeah, a place where we have a sofa maybe and uh and some books. So it's obviously a calm place. People are not there to talk very loud, but they can sit and relax, and uh still look at at the mountains. Um, also So that's one of the main differences, I think, maybe one of the points that we have to talk about. Uh the other one is the admin office. So it's Gisella fifty per cent because she's only half time, and uh the fax machine. Um Gisella actually has a lot of phone calls to make and uh it's true that her activity is quite noisy when she's there. Um, it's also true that she has quite a lot of files for most of the the projects actually that we manage, so it appeared, at least to well to our group, that even if she's here only half time, she should have an office by her own because it would be quite disturbing for other people to to work in the the same office. Uh Gisella has has no objection against sharing the office. We thought it was more for the the calm of the the people. It's true that this blocks one of the one person rooms, but uh on the other hand, uh Maggie has no objection uh sharing an office with her assistant. And this appeared to be true also of Pierrette. We don't know about Pierrette sharing an office with two persons, but at least no problem in Pierrette sharing her office with uh Marianne, the the Swedish one, who is sort of her assistant. Um so this is why we, yeah, we put Maggie with with Bruno. And then the third main difference uh would be the the number of visitor places or free places. Uh you notice a new name in the room uh at the centre upper upper side. So that's Paola. It's true that it's someone coming next year, Susan reminded me this uh of this point, and I could not really ignore it. Uh, so um that she's an Italic, she will arrive in about two month. And the two uh, vis one and vis two, are the visitor places. You had one, I think, called free space or spare spare place. Um we didn't really reach a very good agreement on the distribution of these two rooms. So the the two at the centre, uh where is written Paola, Yalina, the two visitors and then Maria plus David. So I think there is quite a lot of space here to uh switch a little bit among the people, just to make some kind of smooth occupancy rate, so not to have one empty room when we have no visitors, um and uh then a very full room when everybody is is here. So I think we're we are quite willing to split and put say maybe one visitor with Maria and David uh fifty per cent in the other room with the second visitor, so that it smooth is. Well, yeah, exactly so the visitors are uh basically stagieur and it happens that sometimes we have two of them even if it's only for three or four month. Martin seemed to insist that when we have a visiting professor, for instance, we cannot really put him with Gisella, because, well they wouldn't feel very nice, they they made a joke about that. So we should manage some kind of decent space. It's true that these one or two last one or two years we didn't have uh a visiting professor. But um Yeah, so uh I think, yeah, these are the three main points. So one is the place of the lounge. Uh, the other one is the uh the place of the admin office with Gisella. And the third one is the number of visitor visiting people and uh, well, how many of them we want to accommodate and where where we put it. These, I think, are the three main differences. Otherwise, we pretty much agree on uh on placing people. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um sorry? I I didn't understand. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's that's true, I think, yeah, they are are quite open to to this. Martin also reminded us that he is quite noisy. He has a lot of uh phone calls to make, even if it's here if he's here only fifty per cent of the time. Um, so yeah, I I I don't mind this, but uh that's something But it's true, yeah, we could also try to put a visitor and the professor. Um, Martin made another point. It was the fact that sometimes professor have to professors have to discuss sensitive matters about projects and financing, and they sometimes might feel uncomfortable discussing this with their well, in the presence of their P_H_D_ students. Like saying, oh I I have to reduce her t from eighty per cent to fifty per cent. That's probably something So I I mean, all these are constraints. I don't know how how you would like us to proceed from from here, or if you already have questions or reactions on this one. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah um Well Mm-hmm. Yeah, we Yeah, that's true, that's one of the problems. Um, well we were told that it was not really possible to build walls, but we noticed that this room actually has two doors. So uh we thought that maybe we could put some kind of, well, separation. I Yeah, maybe just, yeah, furniture or just uh some kind of screen. No, it's not sound-proof. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, well, it was actually this pressure from from my group that led to this, to squeeze a little bit uh the place of the lounge. Now, how for instance would the university feel about a room that would be only used as a lounge? Would they feel it's too empty and that we have too much space? Or w is there no problem? The Do do you see a problem with having a l a room just for a lounge or no? So we could have a separate room as a lounge as long as uh we pack the other offices. Mm. Personally I I have no problem with this. So um that's that's fine. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, so I think maybe we can agree on on the lounge in a separate room if we can manage to to find space elsewhere. What about Gisella, how do you feel about putting her in a separate office? Which is the case now I think. Well she has an extra Yeah. With a visitor space, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it depends on what kind of visitor you are exactly. So we could say some kind of low key visitor. This is uh very nice. Mm-hmm. Actually, Gisella fifty per cent means that she's there half time, uh generally in the mornings. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um, I think it's what I tried to to do before, it's the shared lounge, uh th Um Do you have assistants with professors? Yeah. No, I think this is quite accepted and it's a bit the case. No, I think it's uh the lounge uh the admin room An Yeah, and the number of slots for visitors and for this new student who arrives, because having just one spare place, this was probably the strongest disagreement in my group. People said uh we should have at least two or three spare places, just for, you know, growing or sometimes you have three interns that arrive. So even if they are not perfect places. Um Yeah, that's yeah, that's how we did in in our proposal, yeah. Uh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. But then we need to squeeze in in one of the three person rooms some extra visitor space and uh I I think so. If if we want to keep the reading room. Uh I think it's possible by playing a little bit with the furniture. Um, so yeah. I think another point here, and I don't know how you you feel about it, is, well, the fact that Martin is said he would be quite noisy fifty per cent of the time. So many phone calls. So I wouldn't put him in that big office, even if he's fifty per cent, but he's still a professor here and we got him from E_P_F_L_. So that I I think I mean if we need to reach a solution now, I I wouldn't mind working from your plan, and doing some changes. Or if you prefer working from mine and doing other changes. So um Okay, yeah. Depends how how easy you can write in it. Okay, so let's keep the reading room. Uh also I think Pierrette Pierrette and Martin p should deserve at least I think offices with one person, not with two. Uh Yeah. We we never asked them, it could be, but um on the other side they have, I think, no real project in common, so I wonder Whe I I think I would prefer, and probably my group would prefer, to see them with the respective assistants, and I think Pierrette plus Marianne is a very good combination. Why not switching them from, yeah, that office? Yeah, switch the whole group. Yeah, Marianne Swedish, and then Pierrette. Because there are two Mariannes. And both family names start with S_ T_ A_. No. No, not true. The just S_. Yes. Mm-hmm. Now let's do something with Martin too. Um Yeah, maybe we can write it down, say vis vis one. David is fifty per cent and visitor one should Yeah, or spare or It's fine. Mm-hmm. Gisella Yeah, mm-hmm. I think that's closer to what I said. Well, because actually we have this project in common. You know, call I_M_ two. Um yeah, I think it's And so d could we um Mm-hmm. Well, I think, yeah, always Gisella, but I think there is no way to uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, sort of second uh Um, yeah. So you would put Gisella in a one person room? Yeah? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we could, yeah, even put We couldn't put Maggie and Bruno together. That's obviously the case. Mm-hmm. No, let's leave it like this for the moment. How do you feel, because your office well, three persons and you are all full time in there, so you with Nancy and Maria? Uh-huh. Yeah and you have Parmenides in common with Nancy. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And do you think we could put a visitor with Nikos and Yalina? Because it's it's also it's not very clear, you know, Yalina's that we said in our meeting. Yalina's master thesis should be defended in a couple of months or something like that. So we don't really know what happens afterwards. So we could at least think it's sort of an open place. Or we could get that office for you and Nancy and put Nikos and uh Yalina with Maria and a visitor? What about that? Wouldn't you like to have a calmer spot? Yeah. Yeah, but a visitor actually uh doesn't have that much paper, so for instance maybe they don't need uh, well uh the place to put their files, you know, a smaller drawer. They just need a a desk and probably just one drawer under underneath. Yeah, probably not. I think it wouldn't be uh Yalina and maybe we could think of a visitor too here? So that Think so? Because remember there is also this Paola arriving um on the new project. So, you know, Susan insisted that uh we should be And it it's al also it's not very clear because Nikos and Yalina are Well, Nikos is um research student, Yalina will finish her master thesis, so it's Yeah, okay. Yeah, Paola or Mm-hmm. Or maybe Paola will be able to choose. Yeah, I think that's quite okay. I don't know about any preference of Maggie being alone or with Bruno, or no? Yeah. Um, David mentioned also that there should be some kind of gender balance. Uh I don't know if there is a strong constraint, but I think we are doing pretty well. Well, so I'm not sure that was what was meant, but Ha. Okay, that's fine if he mentioned this to you, that's quite nice. And okay, yeah, I'm with Martin. Not very balanced. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's why Okay, if you don't mind me sharing the office with Martin, that's fine. Okay, yeah, that looks good. So Agnes with Marianne and David. Yeah, so you have I_M_ two in common. That's nice and he is fifty per cent, so that means the office is not very crowded. Okay, the other one is a bit crowded, but that's okay. Gisel Mm-hmm. Um I I think for the moment. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, what was said in in my group, actually Susan who knows professors from other um other faculties, well, she noticed that most of them have rooms alone. So this is true for Susan and Maggie, but not true here for Pierrette and and and Martin. So we can already argue that uh we're squeezing in even the the professors. It's true that the reading room But you know we fought so much to have it, so let's uh let's try to have it there. And I think putting four people in a three person room is already a sign that uh we are already quite uh quite full, so um I think, yeah, it's normally the nominal capacity of this, I think, it's uh eighteen people. Um, eighteen or or seventeen. And we're only fifteen if you don't count Paola and some visitor's place. And I think it's quite important to have space for visitors, because if you have no visitors or if you cannot take a new, well, intern, during the summer, you're very much handicapped. So I think we're, yeah, on Well, the reaction of my group was that this was almost full already, so I well, we tried to I thin Mm-hmm. Yeah, so I think, yeah, what we could say about the reading room is that we we squeeze quite a lot of people in in the other offices, so I think it's okay. Um Mm-hmm. Perfect, just save it please. Maybe it's another name. Just say okay, it's fine. Okay. So, my group also asked to circulate the final proposal just to make sure there is no major problem. And the numbers. And we're done. Thank you, sirs.
Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So you sa so Pierrette is a professor, but she's only she's only fifty per cent time. Is that why she's in a three person office? Uh-huh. I see. Mm. Mm-hmm. And what what's happening what what do you foresee happening in the next couple of years, like beyond this m b beyond this current group of people, do we do we know of any changes coming? Is the department growing? Or is it is it going to be Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's always the case. Yeah. And have you have you talked to th any of these people to ask them if they have any special requirements? Oh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Of people they needed to be near or people they would needed to avoid or anything like that. Okay. Okay. Alright. But you've given people chance to say that if they really needed to? Okay, good. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It says mountains. Is that because that's the view. Yeah? So it's the best view. You gave the reading room the best view? Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh, two mountain views. Oh, and that's old town. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. No, okay. What's that purple thing there? Oh, okay. Mm-hmm. Alright. Okay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-uh. Mm. In the lounge, yeah. Mm-hmm. So it's not a place for discussion. And it's it's it's a quiet place. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm I see. And so i there's no are you planning some kind of partition between the lounge and the offices or ar How are you gonna keep those things I think should ask the question to you, how are you gonna keep them separate? 'Cause it seems like fairly separate functions. Book-cases or something or Yeah. Hmm. But it won't be uh an acoustic separation? So if if the Those are students there? So if they're noisy, that could disrupt the quiet of the lounge. Um, but As a separate room. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But you've also put the lounge in a a very k kind of a high-traffic area where the mailboxes are, the printer and the restrooms. So that's um That may also tha that may be good for meeting people and bumping into people, but it's maybe against the idea if it's a very supposed to be an isolated quiet spot. So I d mm, you know Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Well, maybe if it if it helps us pack more people into the offices, because they have a private lounge. maybe it's a good thing. Saves us money. But uh Uh yeah, I guess that's Let's see, what is that? Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. But you're saying it does get used. So you've it's it's not a completely experimental concept. Your your department has a lounge and it gets used a lot. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So, can you just summarize briefly the differences between your two proposals, the key differences? Uh sh shared Yeah, the shared lounge, the the assistants with their professors. In two cases. Yeah? Oh okay. So that's okay. Yeah. So Yeah. T_V_ at The lounge, the admin room separate. Not shared. Mm-hmm. Okay, so you basically achieve that by giving less space to the reading room, I think. Yeah. Right. So I guess what One of the questions is how important is the reading room to your group really? Is it is it something that's a very valued thing that has to be protected, um, or is it okay to l make it be kind of this spare space that gets used up a little bit when you need when you have some extra visitors or things like that. I think that's Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. But I suppose once it if it gets eaten away a little bit, at one some point it becomes unuseful, and then Yeah. So it Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. So what does that mean, Swedish um Oh, I see. Okay. Okay. Oh. Okay. Just S_, uh so just to know who they are, okay. I've heard of that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So when you when you put four people in that office, does that mean you're planning on four desks? You need space for four desks? Yeah. Do you know if it's possible. Yeah. Mm right. Mm-hmm. And so you can fit that, you think. Mm-hmm. Mm. No? Mm. You mean Maybe you should break the wall between the men's room and the women's room. Sorry. No. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Is your person to square meter ratio within the n university norms? Overall. We don't we don't, I mean, we don't want people coming in seeing this lavish reading room and and and everyone having their own office if that's not what we are having in the other places. We have to make sure that um if for example there's a spare reading room, like we were saying before. Overall your department has doesn't have excessive space per person. Mm-hmm. Mm right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Mm bu Mm-hmm. Alright. Well, it's good in case I ever have to defend it. You know, it's good to have some numbers, if you can come up with some numbers uh Some And maybe uh relative to some other comparable departments. That's It's it's good to have that. But if you both agree with this plan and you think your group will be happy, then uh fine with me. I don't know about you, what do you think? Yeah? Okay. Alright. Well, thank you. No problem. Thank you. Okay.
Uh I guess I start with my presentation. We had two groups of people working on this. So we'll show you two slightly different presentations. Feel free to ask any questions or comments, obviously. Um the first one was done by myself, Bruno, Marianne and Nikos. And the rationale that we have, I'll show you the layout in a second, was that full professors would get private offices. Administration is close to the professors offices, so it's easier for the secretary to speak to everyone. The fax is in the administration office, since it's mostly used by Gisella, who's the secretary. For noise reduction purposes we've moved everyone who has office hours together, and we've also put the network printer and the photocopier in the hall. Um, so I'll just show you how that works. Basically, you can see Gisella sort of there in the middle with the fax machine, and Maggie and Susan, who are the two full professors in our department have the private offices. And the photocopier and the printer are sort of in the hall on the side there across from mailboxes. Um, just to go back, most people are grouped in projects. And we have two fifty per cent people who are half time in Geneva, half time at the E_P_F_L_ in Lausanne. And they m them we've put in three person offices, so that in the three person offices it's not constantly three people. So there's a little bit of give there. And the reading room, or the lounge as some people call it, that we have is in a central position. So basically we've got Andre and Nancy at the top. Um they don't actu they will be starting a new project together, if um if I'm not mistaken. Like I said, Susan and Maggie in the individual offices. Nikos and Yalina, who work on the same project, at the bottom. The reading room is in the middle. Um, Marianne and Bruno are at the bottom. Um, as well, Marianne works closely with Pierrette and the other Marianne. We have two Mariannes in our department. And David is a half time. So as I said, the half times are in the three person offices. And on the other side we have Maria, Martin and myself, who all work on the same project. And Martin is fifty per cent. Um Gisella, we've given her two person office for two reasons, one is because there's a spare place there, so if we want to put a stagieur or someone who just comes in for short period of time, we figured it was okay if they were in the admin office which is a little bit noisy, because they're only there for a short period of time. Um, and again the proximity to the other offices. Um so I guess that's pretty much it for our proposal. Um I don't know if you want Andre to go through his first or if you have any questions for me. She's It's Do you wanna explain how it it works or Martin is fifty per cent. Pierrette, there's two sort of statutes of professor. I guess you could say where there's Yeah. There's a professeur d'ecole and the But the idea is Maggie and Susan are sort of the senior um professors on staff so they got the the individual offices. Um the department will obviously be growing, but there are some people who only work part time, there's some people who are doing P_H_D_s or master students, who won't necessarily be there for a larger extent of time. So for example, Yalina and the Finnish Marianne are master students for right now, so whether they decide to stay and do a P_H_D_, we're not sure yet. Um, Nikos is working um as a researcher. So for him it's the same thing. There's I think the only constant people are Susan, Maggie, Andre, um Gisella, Pierrette, um and all the rest are either P_H_D_ students or master students. And again Martin and David are half time with the E_P_F_L_, so that's project dependent as well. Unfortunately, we haven't been given as much space as we would have liked, but that's always the case. Um, Susan wanted a private office, she has a preference for private offices. Other than that, no one really had any tight constraints from what I've heard. No one's explicitly said that they needed to avoid anyone else. Um Yeah yeah yeah. No, they were fine with it, so And they're both nice views. Yeah, they're windows, yeah. Or sorry, the thick lines are windows actually. We have fairly big windows in the room, yeah. So there's lots of light coming in. And one of the reasons for putting the reading room where it was is that you have a lot of light coming in, so if people just go somewhere to sort of relax and have a quiet place to sips sit, they have a lot of light and Yeah yeah. Yeah, well I mean it depends if you like looking out over the old town and the cathedral. That sort of goes both ways, but, yeah, we've got two mountain views, sort of on that side, that side, and then the last part looks on the old town. Because we're on the sixth floor, you can actually see everything, 'cause I don't think buildings are much higher than was it, six or eight floors? Yeah. The purple thing is the mailboxes. And those are fixed, we can't do anything about those. So Um, r We don't have anything like that. If we can get stuff like that, it might be a good idea. Some people might like them. At the moment we have people thre sharing like three people in a room, without any partitions and it's a little bit noisy, but people sort of get used to it and admittedly it's mostly assistants that are stuck in rooms like that, so it's junior people, but Well, do you want to do your presentation and Okay. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But realistically we don't actually have that many visitors coming in. I've been here for almost two years, and we've had a couple of stagieurs, but that's it. No, for a professor, yeah, but Oh, in a way, if that's your argumentation, then put a visiting person with a senior researcher, at least, if not a professor, rather than two students. If you're gonna argue that the visitors are supposed to be important and they should have their own space, then put them with another researcher, rather than two students. Fairly regularly there's at least one or two people in there. I mean it's a Yeah. It's a fairly new thing in the department, but it's being used pretty regularly or something that a lot of people wanted, just sort of quiet space out of your office that doesn't have the office furniture, the office chairs, it sort of has comfortable sofas and armchairs and things like that, where you can just go and relax, and or if you wanna read something for a longer period of time in a more comfortable environment. And because we do a lot of reading and things like that, it does get used fairly often. We sort of have an open policy where if there's no one in there and you want to have a discussion, then that's fine, but you can't displace people who are in there reading, just because you want to have a mini-meeting or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, they're Yeah. Which is sort of why in our proposal we had it completely as a separate room. So if you really want peace and quiet, you shut the door and when the doors are shut, like unless someone's making noise right outside the door, it really is fairly quiet. Mm-hmm. Mm. I mean, suppose if the need really arises and it comes to a point where we do have a lot of people, then you can get rid of the lounge, figure out what to do with the furniture, either distribute it between various offices or put it into storage somewhere. No no no. No, this is something that it started off sort of as a discussion at the coffee table, where people were complaining that sort of in the middle of the afternoon they just wanted somewhere to go off and no have some quiet time and That's where it came from. There are bookshelves in there, but it's not really a library, 'cause everyone At the moment, everyone has a bookshelf in their office and we just go in and borrow books from everyone else. It's more really about having a comfortable place to sit um where it's not an office environment, it doesn't look anything like an office. So it's just Yeah yeah, and people can come w in with their stuff or leave a newspaper or a magazine lying around for other people. We've got a bulletin board where you can paste up articles that you think are b interesting for other people, but I d Well she shares an office, so Which is why we were thinking that it wouldn't be a problem to s keep her with a spare person, because that's the w the situation it is right now, and if you're a stagieur and you're coming, and you don't necessarily expect to have a full-blown office, if you are only there for about two months. Yeah. Gisella has a fixed schedule for when she's there, but David and Martin are sort of they f it fluctuates. Like they can't say that they'll be there Monday, Tuesday and half of Wednesday, and not the rest of the time, which is part of the problem. I mean, they can't s specify when exactly they'll be there. So our rationale for putting them in a three person room is is that it doesn't matter when they're there and whether they're there for certain hours or not. It's just either there's two or three people in those rooms, and sometimes there's less, sometimes there's more, because we also don't work fixed hours. It's not like we work, you know, nine to five or whatever. Everyone sort of keeps their own hours. Yeah. We have Pierrette and Marianne in the same Yeah. For visitors. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I think, because it's a fairly new thing, it's a little hard to say at this point. I think that most people like it, now that it's there, they sort of see the value of it and they wouldn't want to see it wiped out entirely, definitely. Yeah. And that's the danger is Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Sure. Either way. Okay well, since this one's up, keep this one in. Easily, go ahead. Mm-hmm. Double rooms. Mm 'kay. Pierrette and Martin? Mm-hmm. Here? Out There's two Mariannes, one is Swedish, one is Finnish. So we just call them the Swedish and the Finnish. Oops. No, both start with S_ but Uh, it was Bruno, right? Yeah. Mm 'kay. In here? Okay. Well for m Martin If you didn't mind working with Martin, we can switch Nancy and Martin here. Oops. Yeah. Ah. Wrong keyboard. So we can say that this is sort of for But then again you get the more formal visitor in with a bunch of students in a crowded room. Well, you can say that this one is for let's say stagieurs or interns. Um Yeah. Well you can move Maggie and Bruno into this room. Move Gisella, move the other spare place to the big room, but then there's not a lot of people in there. We're not terribly noisy, I think it'll be fine. Yeah. And I am too in common with Maria. And we work on slightly different schedules too, 'cause Maria and I tend to work earlier and Nancy tends to work later. So that shouldn't be a problem. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Sure. Um, so you want to do That's gonna back-fire on me. Yeah. And that's the problem is that you either get smaller desks, 'cause the ones that we have now won't fit. No. I think it's gonna be too much. Well, Maria is full-time. So just like that? Okay. I don't think she cares. Actu Bruno did mention that he didn't want to be in a room with a lot of people, 'cause he did that before and he didn't really like it. So maybe I don't know, I can switch with him, and we can put him and Nancy together. I don't mind, it doesn't really bother me. Okay. Yeah. Well, the gender balancing, we have more women than men in our department anyways so No. Okay? Do you see any constraints from any administrative sides? Good question. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So basically, we're moving into a new space, but it's only marginally better than the old one. Mm sure, yeah, we can do that. Mm 'kay. Sure. Okay. So I'll save that. Yeah. Okay. The final copy. I'll circulate it to everyone, along with the numbers that you guys wanted to see in terms of the space. Okay? Great, thank you for your time.
";One team member presented her proposal regarding the room designations of the new space. In her proposal, professors received private offices, administration was close to the professors' offices, and most people were grouped by project. A second team member presented a proposal on the same topic. In his proposal, there was a lounge containing workspace for two people, an admin office which Giselle had to herself, a number of people shared offices with their assistants, and visitors were placed among students. The group discussed and made decisions regarding the placement of professors with students, the purpose of a lounge area, the possibility of putting up partitions in the lounge, the placement of Gisella and visitors, the option to have a reading room, and how to arrange furniture in some offices. 
"Hello. Yeah. Yep. Um I've got a PowerPoint presentation. Sure. It's not very long in any case. Yep. Yeah. Okay, so what I was thinking is basically the previous movies that we had, which you've already mentioned in the agenda d um Lawrence of Arabia, Apocalypse Now and Amadeus, were fairly historical, serious, dramatic, and also action-ey movies except for maybe Amadeus. Um this month I was thinking of selecting something that's more in the present time, still dramatic but slightly less serious. And what I'd propose is something of a thriller or mystery. And I know that a lot of people find mystery is not really mysterious in the movies these days, they kind of can predict what's gonna happen, um but in the nineties there were some movies that did have surprise endings and that people came out saying okay, didn't see that coming, so I thought we could maybe show one of those. And even if people have already seen the movie, a lot of the times you go back and watch the movie again, and you pick up on things that you didn't really notice the first time around, or you see where the clues were and mm what led up to the end, so that's more along the lines of what I was thinking. And the two in particular that I would propose are, next slide please, The Usual Suspects and The Sixth Sense. Um I don't know if you've seen any of them. Uh The Usual Suspects was directed by Bryan Singer and written by Christopher McQuarrie. It has a fairly large cast, so I'm not gonna read all of them, but the main characters are Kevin Spacey and Gabriel Byrne. And it's basically about five criminals who get set up. Um they're arrested, they're released from prison and the get together um and plan a crime, and basically the story is told through the views of one of the suspects. Um the tag line is kind of neat, five criminals, one lineup, no coincidence and you get told the story um as uh that these f characters are being controlled um by one sort of uber-villain, and in the end you find who the uber-villain was. And I kind of like the the quote from Rolling Stone magazine, The Usual Suspects is the freshest, funniest Well they ha have you guys seen the movie? So I'm not gonna give away you want me to give away the movie? That'll spoil it. I'll tell you later. But the the quote from Rolling Stone is fairly accurate, I think. It's one of the freshest, funniest and scariest crime thrillers to come along since Pulp Fiction. And the other movie is The Sixth Sense with the famous line I see dead people, which the little boy says. Um it was written and directed by M_ Night uh Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment and Toni Collette and again has a neat twist that you find out right at the end. Yeah. yeah, The Sixth Sense was very commercial, but anyways It's the poster for The Sixth Sense, but unfortunately I couldn't find a clear, big enough one. Yeah. Yeah, I th I think it's only part of a full yeah, it goes th the all of the se all of the senses. Um if you go to the next slide there's slightly more detailed things about the movies. So The Usual Suspects is a hundred and five minutes long, so it's a decent length of time. It has an R_ rating, so I don't remember what type of audience we had at the last uh shows, but it may not necessarily be suitable for kids. R_ is sort of if you're eighteen and under, you have to have an adult with you. It's mostly for violence, yeah, it's restricted. Um it got an eight point seven out of ten on the Internet Movie Database. It's the sixteenth in the top f two hundred and fifty movies and fourth in the top movies of the nineties. It won um a couple of Academy Awards, notably for best writing, um so that's for the script um and best actor for Kevin Spacey. Mm-hmm. Yeah, fourth in the top movies of the nineties. Sixteenth in the top two hundred and fifty I think, of all time. Yeah. So it won lots of awards um, it won best film from the British um British Film Association, or the British equivalent of the Academy Awards. Um it was nominated for best foreign film for the Cesar. Plenty of awards, yeah. I think of all time, yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Yeah, it's ratings by viewers and Yeah, like Memories Yeah, and Forty Four as well, which has seven hundred and forty something votes. Yeah so Yeah um Yeah. No it's a good movie, I I highly recommend it, and I wouldn't mind seeing it again, because I do know the ending and I haven't been able to watch it again to see where the hints were that were scattered across the movie, 'cause apparently there are hints as to who it is. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. and he's the one telling the story, yeah. There's him and the the guy in the burn unit. The second movie is The Sixth Sense. Again, it's fairly short. It has an easier rating, it's P_G_ thirteen, um it's much less violent. It got an eight point one out of ten, it's a hundred and first in the top two hundred and fifty and it's nineteenth on your list I think, if I'm not mistaken. Yeah, it's nineteenth. Um got a fair number of votes, too, ninety six thousand. Um again, it was nominated for a lot of different Academy Awards, um it didn't win any, but it got a lot of buzz and a lot of people liked it, so. Those are my two selections, and as you can see, the plot is a boy who communicates with spirits that don't know when they're dead, seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist to figure out why he's seeing what he's seeing and what it means. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's only right right at the end where you find out really what's going on and it makes you rethink everything that happened beforehand. So those would be my two suggestions and y they ar they are slightly more commercial, or at leas The Sixth Sense is, than the other ones we've seen, but Yeah. Yeah, they were they were nominated for a lot of different awards, they didn't win. But I guess the comp I can't remember what the competition was that year, but And they were nominated for a lot of them, and um Yeah. So I think that's it, unless you have any questions. Yeah, that's it. You sent your slides around, right? Yeah. No I haven't. I've heard a lot of good things about it, I've heard it's a really powerful movie, but I haven't seen it. Yeah, it's set in a jail. Yeah. Me. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's a fairly emotional movie though. That's one thing to keep in mind is that it's Yeah, but Amadeus isn't really representative of the eighties either. Yeah, and according to your thing it's nineteen eighty four, so. No. It is a good movie, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But it gets updated daily. Yeah. Mm. No. Wait, how many of us saw Schindler's List? Three of us? Did you see it? I'm just trying to keep track of how many of us have seen You have? You have. You haven't. I can't remember. I think also it's old enough that even if people saw it the first time around, they don't necessarily remember everything that happened, 'cause I remember seeing it when it came out, but I don't particularly remember So we've all seen it. Is what? I haven't I don't remember the soundtrack. Yeah, I mean if there's something that none of us like, we can just eliminate it, but we might as well leave everything 'till the end. No. Yeah. Yeah, it's a gangster movie. Ray Liotta and Joe Pesci I think, maybe? I think yeah, on the right, and the guy on the left is Ray Liotta. I recognise them. I'm a movie buff, I know way too much about movies and actors and everything. What was it about? Very descriptive. No. A little bit? Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So the other killer is Hannibal Lecter, who Yeah, he's in jail and he's real no, h He tries to help the F_B_I_ agent, but he plays head games with the F_B_I_ agent at the same time. And so With her? He manages to freak her out. So. Hannibal Lecter is a very The Moth. Which, the one who's in jail or the one who Anthony Hopkins. I don't either. Yeah, he's scary in that movie. Yeah, I vaguely remember what it is, but How many of us have seen it? I'm guessing you haven't seen it or h okay. So have we all seen it? Okay, so we've all seen it. I can't either, 'cause I saw it right when it came out. It came out when ninety one, yeah. So. Yeah, me too. And at that age I was like mm. Yeah. That was very good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Suburban life. There's a lot of very true things in it. Yeah. Yeah. It's much less dark than the other movies we have on that list. It's not well it's dark but no. No. But not like violent cutting people to pieces psychopaths they're just everyone has their own issues and No. Well With hi his daughter, his like teenage daughter. So that's the best friend, and he fantasises about her and Mm-hmm. See I don't know what was mainstream in Europe, like all of these movies are very mainstream for me. But It has other movies, but I think it's predominantly No, there's movies from everywhere, but Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, I've never even heard of it. Oh okay. Thank you. Mm-hmm. It's v very very violent. The landing, yeah. Yeah. This is not a movie for kids, like Yeah. yeah. Yeah, the redux version is longer. Yeah. I think just once for this. Oh maybe he did. No, for E_T_ he didn't. It wasn't until he started doing things like Schindler's List and Saving Private Ryan that he actually started winning awards for them. Did he? Oh okay, yeah. I didn't know that. They re-enhanced the colour, yeah. That it was their T_V_s and not Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, about two thirds of the way through the movie, 'cause most of the movie is them find trying to find him on the front, right? No, no. Yeah, he's trying to find him. Private Ryan was Matt Damon I think, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is it him at the begin it's him at the beginning of the movie at the at the the graveyard, right? Yeah, with his family. Yeah. I have. I don't think so. No, it was an Italian. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. Mm-hmm. Mm it's Julianne Moore, isn't it? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I quite like that. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Looks like a C_D_ cover. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh okay. I actually don't like it. It looks like two yeah. It's it looks like two separate posters. Although I think you can mix I would keep the format of the first one, add the quotes and the content information from the second one. So take those take those quotes, get rid of that section of text, put those quotes in there, put the the information you had in the second poster about the movie club, how to join, kind of in the middle and keep this title and everything just slightly higher up. I think it does. I think the contrast between the the the strip of film and or the strip of pictures and everything else is Yeah. Yeah, so take all of that content throw it up into the first one, and then maybe add the quotes that you had from the from the famous directors sort of at the bottom or something. Yeah. Usual Suspects. Mainly because only two of us have seen it and it's not a mainstream movie, so I don't think a lot of people would have seen it to begin with. Mm-hmm. So you reduced that by what, two? American Beauty and Wait I'm missing one. What am I missing, Pulp Fiction? Was that one of them? Okay. I have seven. Okay. Pulp Fiction. I'm not a huge fan of Quentin Tarantino. And it didn't make a good impression. Really eliminate Pulp Fiction. It's gone. We're all gonna vote for something different. I I still like The Usual Suspects, but I like American Beauty too. So. Usual Suspects. You have the deciding vote. Yeah. That's fine. It'll make a good change from the other ones. If you don't like it it's your problem. Yeah. Yeah. Ascension. Mm 'kay. Okay. Ninth, ninth? Yeah, twenty ninth.
Hello. No, I haven't. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Okay, I have a PowerPoint presentation and uh it's about there are some reviews of the of the I think like seven movies. No, I haven't. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Nineties, yeah. So plenty of awards we we could say. Of all the movies, yeah yeah. It's still good, actually. By the users. So it's definitely just the average of the rating and okay th the number of the votes is there just for the information, so that you know how how reliable yeah. Yes. Mm Okay. Okay, then you yeah. Then yes, yes, yes, yes, sure. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. And what is the second movie? Yeah, Sixth Sen Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, now you can go to to my slides, but actually what I pre what I have prepared is just a kind of a review of fo uh se six or seven movies, if you ca can go to the second slide. Yes, basically seven movies, and it's uh it's uh uh top movies uh based on the uh on the ra ranking and a and awards awards. Um you see the the names of the movies on the on the on the wall. So um we can perhaps go through all of them and we can little bit discuss, so I I I have n I didn't see all of them actually, so it's just we should probably select one of these, because I think uh these are really good movies and uh, okay, we will see. So if you can go through uh okay, so this is the first movie and uh it's it's m it's more like a drama. Uh it's uh it's uh very uh high ranked and actually you have a a nicer list, because uh we can even see the number of the votes. So what is the number of the people? Finally I found actually your table much better than my than my presentation, because perhaps here we can we can really see I mean What is the ranking? We ha didn't have the plot, yeah. Yeah, who has seen this movie? Because then perhaps someone can give some some comment. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's this one. It's the one that is on the on the wall. It's projected, yeah. So I ge okay, so no one of us saw this movie, so in that case perhaps it's it's little bit danger to select that movie for the for the s play, so uh Schindler's List, who saw this? I saw it, and I think this on is re um this one is really nice, it's uh, you know, all a all of you knows the the story, so. Uh it's quite hi it's quite high ranked, so I think uh it's not a bad movie, I'm uh thinking whether there was some good occasion, uh something what has happened recently. There was something like a celebration of the fifty years after the war or something recently, no? No, that's Sixty, yeah. S it can't be fifty, sure. Yeah, so. Mm-hmm. That's true. Yes. Yes yes yes. Um but even here I wouldn't uh uh say that the that th this style is representative of the nineties, right, so. Um okay, but uh anyway, I think it's it's really a good movie, I like it when I saw it and uh okay. It's one of the candidates, I defini yeah, Steven Spielberg is really quite a good so I director, so I I would say we we could think about it. So I would keep it as a candidate, at least. That's the second one. Um no. I think we can just skip this slide. Uh yeah. It's That's strange, what is the rating? Perhaps it has changed. It's higher. It gets updated. Yes, yes, and I did it I did it on Wednesday. Yes. Mm-hmm. So it probably has changed, so um it becomes more popular, no po uh yeah, yeah, yeah. Uh Schindler's List. I saw it, I saw it. Mm-hmm. Okay, Pulp Fiction. Uh I think it's again quite uh hi high ranked uh, but from my perspective, everyone already saw it. Who was interested in that movie, he saw it. Wh who is not interested in that movie, he he didn't see it and he uh wouldn't uh like to see it in the in our movie club. So I think we should uh we should just leave skip it out and leave it out. I I wouldn't think about this as a candidate, even if it's a good movie, but I don't know, I think it's Yes, yes, there was ple I I think there was a plenty of loops actually, plenty of. I fully agree that you can see this movie three times perhaps, three times and for the fourth time see you still discover something new, but uh on the other hand, I have the impression it's really it's uh, you know, every everyone saw it, it's it's quite well known, uh it woul it wou I Yeah. Me neither. Mm. So what do you think? I I wouldn't think about this as a candidate, because it seems to me it's Mm-hmm. Vote, that's the best, yeah, yeah. When going through we c we could just eliminate. Okay, so we are not gonna eliminate this one. Uh Goodfellas, I didn't see it. No. But you can read the comment from the users, uh that's the that's the last uh bullet point, and it says uh simply a masterpiece uh, and it's uh Scorsese's last really great movie to date. Mafia, yes. I can't recognise them from the picture. The picture is not very good quality. And it's a movie from nineties? The one that you saw, that you mentioned? Yeah. No. Silence of the Lambs uh should I tell something more? Godfather of all thrillers, that's what it what it says on the what some uh user says. Uh so, okay, it's a little bit horror, so I think it's quite it's uh it's uh It's definitely not for kids, uh but uh if the kids are not visitors of our cinema, why not? It One have to rethink when when when you are watching this movie, you have to think and it's uh scaring. Uh why not? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. So the F_B_I_ agent is assigned to to help uh find a a missing woman and uh save her f uh her from a psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. Yeah. He's in prison, yes. He's a really psychotic man. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Anthony No. But he plays it really good. Anthony Hop Hopkins he really plays it very good, very good, yeah. So I've I've see I've seen it, but I can't really remember exactly the all the details. Uh. It's a long time ago, it's from ninety one? Ninety one, yeah. So and I saw it when I was like twelve or thirteen. So perhaps it would be Yeah. Could you go to the next slide? Yeah, it's here, and that's actually my last slide. So um I don't know, because it nicely f I I was thinking perhaps we are not able to go through more of them. Uh So American Beauty, so I can perhaps read a little bit the user comment if you want, or uh yeah, you can read the plot outline on the on the on the projector, but it's basically deep, wonderful and penetrating movie, extraordinary uh irony and the p and the psychological drama about American life. Poetic? Okay, the way of filming perhaps, but uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And it's my last slide. So uh yes, yes, yes. And I think, okay, why not. It seems to me that perhaps that Schindler okay, definitely Schindler Schindler's List is perhaps more serious topic for sure, but um well it depends, it depends what we want. Do we want that people are more like uh relaxed in our in our cinema, or are more interested in some particular things? Um what do you think, I mean what should we how we should uh What should be the influence, how we are influencing the people in the cinema? Um What do we want? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Maybe can I ask you for the for the list of movies? This one. And the Denis, Denis, could you give me the the list of the to uh top fifty? Yeah. But you have your own copy then? okay, good, thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's the I I I saw it and I d I'm trying to remember the beginning, that's the Normandy landing? Okay, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, that was really horrible. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. No, not at all. Mm-hmm. Because people start to complain that uh that w there was a problem with a T_V_ when they were broadcasting the movie on the T_V_. Uh That's an interesting point, interesting point. Yeah, but in the end you can ref yes. No. Mm-hmm. By the way, did he fied dinally uh f fi died finally or not? Uh the Private Ryan, yeah. Th they I remember I remember they found him, but ah okay, yes yes yes. Because I remember Mm-hmm. Because I remember that th in the end of the movie they are trying to defend some bridge or something and there's quite heavy shooting and uh finally it's actually John Miller who die. Okay okay. It's not the Private Ryan Mm-hmm. Perhaps it was a g uh this uh Tom Hanks, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. If he would kill him, he wouldn't die. Wow. Tom Hanks wouldn't die. I've seen it. I've seen it. Out of time? Mm-hmm. What is the movie about, the La Vita e Bella? Ah-ha. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Uh-huh uh-huh. How it end up, what is the what is the ending of the movie? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's actually the third movie about the Second War. Schindler's List, a P uh Saving Private Ryan and La Vita e Bella. Mm-hmm. Just partially I think. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Why the movie is called The Big Lebowski? Why The Big uh Lebowski is his uh family name, right, but why it's called The Big Okay. And why The Big Lebowski? It's the it's the second one or Uh-huh. Ah okay, okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think this is not bad, because they say something little bit about our uh movie club and uh, yeah, The Big Lebowski it's clear that it's a movie and uh I guess the people can remember that it was a movie at least, even if they haven't see it. CD cover. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I on the contrary I would say there is too many colours and uh it's difficult to read and uh Yeah, that would be the best. Yeah, all this information and put into the first one. Mm-hmm. If if they fit there if they fit there, you will see. Mm-hmm. So Big Lebowski. Mm-hmm. Okay, good idea. So I'm really convinced by The Big Lebowski. I yes, yeah, I I would like to uh, yeah, at least to have it uh in the in the nominees, exactly and uh I'm trying to remember all of them. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. And then I'm still hesitating between the Schindler's List and the S uh Silence of the Lambs. May I nominate uh these all these three movies, Big Lebowski, Schindler's List and the Silence of the Lambs? Mm-hmm. So eliminate first eliminate first? Mm-hmm. I'm sorry, could you go t uh uh uh once again through uh the list of the movies, because I don't or i is it possible to put them on the on the on the uh whiteboard? Okay, okay, so the Schindler's list, The Usual Suspects, uh Silence of the Lambs, uh Big Lebowski, okay. Saving Private Ryan. One, two. Pulp Fiction, okay. I have six I have six. How many? Okay, we American Beauty. Okay. Yeah, and I would eliminate Yeah. And I would eliminate Pulp Fiction actually as well if so Another one. Because it because it would be Saving Private Ryan. Mm. I vote for Big Lebowski. Make a decision. Already ready yeah. So So it's gonna to be Big Lebowski? Okay. No no no no no, I I like it, I like it. Okay, beginning of May, but there are there is plenty of holidays at the beginning of May, no? Ascension? Mm-hmm. Okay, okay, no problem. Good. Twenty nine. Really looking forward. I want to see it.
Hi. So I don't know if you all received the the a agenda for this meeting. Do you no? Here it is. So um um the goal for today are um We have two goals. Uh first is to decide a movie for uh the next projection for our movie club. As you know uh so it's for the last Friday of this month of April. As you probably remember, the movie already projected were uh Lawrence of Arabia and Apocalypse Now in February and Amadeus from Milos Forman in March. So um the question that is open is are we going to select a movie from the nineties and which movie. So that's the first goal, decide for a movie to be projected, and second goal is to uh discuss for an ad advertising poster um for our um uh club, because we noticed that n last time not enough people came to the projection. So that's it. Um wh who wants to start to So I guess you all prepared some documents for the mm selection of movie. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I have also uh a piece of paper with uh my favourite movie. Okay, so presentation? Yeah. Okay. A Agnes, we can start with you? Okay, here it is. I passed this one. Which which one was it again? The guy who was controlling? I don't remember, I have seen the movie twice, but uh It's the bald guy, the No, no. Okay. Yeah, it's a bit more commercial that one. first one. Um R_ is what uh in Okay. Restricted. But wait, I I have the top ten from the nineties? No, the top fifty. And it's fourth. Oh, sorry, sorry, yep. Yeah, yeah. From yeah. Yeah, yeah. But but sixteenth in top two hundred fifty, it's what two uh all all days? All time? Okay. But those rating are more like uh it's the number of votes, no? Votes and u Yep. And rating. Yep. Yeah yeah. Yep. Okay, yep. Ah, now I remember. Yep. Actually there is one guy who is the at the police station and they ask him to tell the story. Yeah. Yeah. Both movies are quite similar in some way, because the last sentence is uh totally contradictory to the whole movie. It's uh Yeah, the last sentence from the movie. Yeah. Okay. You have a last slide or no. Okay. Okay. Yeah one hundred f w uh one hundred forty thousand. No, we don't have the plot of the of the movie and uh Okay, but maybe we can wh who has seen this movie? I uh I think I I I've seen it actually, but I have no idea. It it's in uh jail right, it taking yeah. I don't remember well this movie. Yep. Okay. Okay. Okay, so mm Yep, so let's Yeah, I've seen it also. Sixty. S sixty years. Yep. Yep. That's right, yeah. But then it's not representative of the nineties. It's more a movie about the story of uh the horror of the uh endured by the Jewish during the Second World War. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah. Okay, and Steven Steven Spielberg is uh Okay. Okay, The Usual Suspect, do we want to say something again about it, or How come it's coming third on your list? It's forth on Agnes's uh and on my list, but it's okay. Ah you j you selected some movies, no? You didn't take the six first. And me on Tuesday, probably. Okay. Do we have something to add on this movie, or Okay. Yep. Yep. That's why you are in the movie club, to see more movies. Why not? It's quite representative of the nineties, I think. And the structure of the movie is interesting. I I think the the first scene is actually the same scene as the last scene, no? There is a kind of loop in this movie. Yep. Yeah yeah. I agree also. Yeah. You've you've seen it? Okay. And the soundtrack is uh is gorgeous also. No, you don't the soundtrack. No. Yeah, yeah. W w we vote at the end, or you want to Okay. No. Ah it's Scorsese's It's uh yeah, again a movie about uh on mafia, no? With uh Robert de Niro, and who are the o two other guys? I cannot Ah Joe Pesci, yeah. On the r on the right, you mean? Yeah. It's the exact same actors who played in um another mafia movie that I cannot rememb Les Affranchis, it was the name in French. No? About uh mafia uh it that's why I tha that's why I didn't go to see this one, it's quite i it seems to me they're all about the same subject and the same I don't know. Probably. Yeah. Okay, n nobody's seen it, so. Okay. So it's about a psychopathic killer. And what was it again, the plot? I mea the He he's in jail and he's still killing? Ah, okay, yeah, yeah. Yep. Who's playing the ps psychopath again? I don't Yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay. No, I've seen it actually twice, I think. That's it's it's probably begin Ninety one. Yep. Okay, American Beauty w w was coming next, seven, was quite quite nice actually. Ah, it's actually there. Why you choose you choose seven movie? Okay. Yeah, it's definitely about American life. It's it's kind of crude the critique, but uh on the other way it's quite poetic, it's uh yeah. Yeah, you know, with the the way of filming and um I don't know, I found it pretty No, it's q it's quite in interesting. So yeah. Well, it depends. Ah no, it's it's not violent at all, but more it's more the cr the cr the critique that is quite crude, because all the people in this movie are are uh psychopath in their own way. But they are normal people then. Yeah. Actually, there is this it's uh uh what, a fifty years old man that quit his job and fall in love with um the best friend of his daughter. Yeah, it's it's good movie. Okay. You have seen it, Mirek? I think we w want them to to see movies that they won't see oth otherwise, but I'm not sure then it's quite popular the movie we selected, so. If they are in the top fifty, they are quite mainstream, but uh Uh I think there is the There are Chinese movies, English movies. It's it's quite a lot for Kieslowski actually. I was surprised to s yeah yeah. And Festen also is uh is quite high. Uh I I don't know if you've seen this one. It's The Celebration I think. It's uh uh movie from a Swedish guy. Danish? Dogma movies, yeah. Lars von Trier. Yeah. Okay, can we discuss about your document, maybe? Yep. Okay. Okay. Yeah, sure. Yep. Yeah. It's quite horrible actually. Yeah. Mirek, you didn't see it? Yeah. But it's it's a piece of art because he used something like one hundred camera to film that, or Yep. Yeah it's quite s yeah. Yeah, it is. There is two there are two versions I think, and but w but we yeah, we projected the longer one, so. How many times uh Spielberg received the best uh director Oscar? Not for the Schin Schindler's List or for for E_T_? He won f he won the mm No, he won f for E_T_, he won the mm Cannes, uh what is uh Palme d'Or. Yeah. That was very interesting to read, yeah. But then they uh I read that they they w where was it? Th they turned back to yeah. And then then there is this uh there is an hero, I mean it's uh or a non-hero, and in all the other stu stories, the in the previous movies there were an he an hero, Lawrence of Arabia, uh Amadeus. Apocalypse Now, it's also non-hero I think, but uh but here I don't remember it's actually the Tom Hanks the hero, or it's He's Private Ryan, Tom Hanks? No he's not. He's trying to find him. Yeah, yeah. Okay. At the end, to tell you the truth, I didn't like so much the movie because it was quite moralistic, because there were a guy who was who didn't kill German because he was quite non-violent. And because he didn't kill this German, the German killed, I don't know, uh maybe um Yep. And it was like, if he had killed the mm Because he e yeah. Yeah. I have. Yeah. Yeah, we're running um But it was in English, no? Yep, so I have uh a quite different movie to propose you. I don't know uh it's f called The Big Lebowski from um uh Joel Coen. Actually they are brothers, you probably know them. I don't know how many of you have seen this movie. No? Yeah, they made uh Fargo, which is in the list. And uh uh Cr uh Cruel Intentions, or something like that I think, or Okay so, I don't know how I'm going to sell you this movie, because actually the plot is impossible to make, because it's um actually it's inspired from a movie called The Big Sleep and um Uh it's actually the t where I've seen that? In a it's uh a movie from Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep. It's uh Ah okay. Yeah yeah yeah. So it's it's uh it's a novel, okay. But uh then the story goes that while that film was in production and director, okay, okay you're right, it was a book. Okay, so it's about a a g a guy who called the D the Dude, I don't know you pronounce it, and uh he's actually uh smoking pot and doing nothing, just um he's living in L_A_. It's uh it's a typical typical fellow from the from the suburb, and he has some friends, uh typical friends, one one is uh an old guy from coming back from Vietnam, obsessed by Vietnam, um another guy who is never speaking, and they all play together uh bowling. And um the casting is very interesting, there is um okay, actually I wanted to propose you some posters related to this movie. Uh maybe it w maybe it's going to open the discussion on on posters as well. So actually here you on this the first poster you can see the actors from the movie, I don't know if you know some of them, so Jeff Bridges at the top, uh Goodman is the second one, the b the big guy. Then Turturro, and uh uh the last one is Buscemi, and I don't remember the name of the girl. Yeah, Julianne Moore. Uh I I took it from I don't know where. So uh Actu Actually I'm not going to sp to describe much more The Big Lebowski, but uh it's quite hard to describe, it's uh it's it's a journey about this guy, but it's it's a movie, quite surrealistic, I mean there are some part that are like coming from dreams and uh Yeah, it's his family name and uh actually Jeffrey Lebowski and he's he's the there is a a story with another Lebowski that yeah. And uh I I I don't remember, maybe it's just uh uh because of The Big Sleep there is uh I don't know, a reference. So it's a kind of it's like American Beauty in some way, it's even worse. We see worse people. So it's kind of uh an ethnographic movie I would say, but uh and it's a modern hero, it's it's quite fun. And the casting is is marvellous, so that is that's it for this movie. And um I just wanted to go to the design of the poster actually. Because Yeah. Yep. The idea is is also to discuss the content. Shall we put a summary of the movie or the plot, and w what kind of information do we want? So that's the first poster. There is alo um this poster, quite dark also. Uh so y y I don't know if you you cannot really see, but uh mm there is the the pricing information. So we said that one movie is eight Francs and three movies eighteen Francs. And we can have annual subscrip subscription of sixty Francs. Uh I wanted to say some information to involve people on in the committee as well, if they want to take part to the committee to select movies. And uh what else? S some Yeah, actually the idea was to s yeah, there is at the bottom the a scene from one of these dream of The Big Lebowski. And uh the the first part is actually y you see a cowboy and the the hero, the Jeffrey Lebowski, the Dude. And the cowboy, it's actually at the beginning of the movie, the c the cowboy introduce the story, and he's coming back at the end of the story, and he's e explaining what kind of movie uh you are going to to see. And last posters So same principle, but I w I don't know, I w I was thinking of adding some some um cita quotations of uh well known directors. And uh Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, I see. And yeah. Okay, I see what I wanted is more or less to know the content of the movie, uh what y you want to have on the poster. Because we di we Okay, on that one. Okay. Okay, great. So I think now we have to decide for a movie. And um Yep. So Yep. I th I would nominate uh American Beauty as well. And um and I would be okay with Saving Private Ryan, it's it's it can Or we can eliminate first one one movie each, and then we s and then we select. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's a bit cruel, but uh that's I think a good way. Me, I would remove Silence of the Lambs because I think it's too violent. And you have a reason for it or Okay. Maybe you can eliminate another one, you can no? W Agnes, you v O Okay, now I have the if we want okay, if we want to take a okay. Okay, so I'll go with The Big Lebowski, since the posters are already ready. Yeah, I think. Okay. So we have other anyway. So can we decide for uh a next meeting maybe? Okay. Okay, o or we'll decide after the projection of the movie the date. It's okay. Okay okay. You're welcome. Okay. Thank you. And uh see you at the projection? No, twenty ninth. Okay.
Hi. Hi everyone. I haven't. Mm-hmm. Yes. So who who has what? Actually maybe um Uh-huh. What do you have, Mirek? Uh-huh. And I have a uh well just a a piece of paper with some suggestions. What about you, Denis? Uh-huh. should we start with the two presentations maybe? Yeah? Mm-hmm. No, I haven't seen it. Um. Mm-hmm. So w what what is this s the second image on the slide? Is it the the poster or Has a s it has a strange format, um horizontal and uh so it's one two three four five six. Mm-hmm. So it means restricted. Uh-huh. Yeah, because your table is only the nineties, yeah. Mm-hmm. Well W w No, no, actually if you look at your tables, I think it's a sort of uh well average between number of votes and and and uh yeah the the rating or th the marks, because there are in you table you have uh things that have very few votes but still are ranked quite high, for instance number twenty four, which has only four thousand votes But um yeah. Yeah. Maybe it's just the search is compensated a bit for the number of people, I I don't know actually. Because if you have just ten votes and yeah probably are not in the database. But yeah, anyway it has excellent votes. Haven't seen it, but Mm-hmm. Oh. Yep. Mm-hmm. The last sentence from the movie or oh. W Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So these guys were actually nominated, so the the bottom part of your slide, actually, it says yeah, so these are the best awards they had. Okay. Too bad. Well there is just one winner, so. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah, I think your table is very clear Denis. No, I haven't. Yeah. W what is the name in French, 'cause Uh-huh. Uh yeah. Yeah. Well, actually your third slide has the plot, so uh. Yeah. Oh yeah, exactly, yeah. So yeah, this guy is jailed, okay, uh-huh. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I haven't seen I heard about it, but Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Um I think there was a celebration of uh sixty years from the liberation of the camps, actually. Because they were liberated beginning forty five and uh yeah, it's not bad, and it's also I think it's a good idea at at least from my point of view it's coherent with the previous films, like history, im major events. I don't know if we want to keep this coherence, or change radically, but maybe yeah, that's yeah, I think it's a drawback uh. Well, of the seventeen eighties. Yeah. Maybe it's representative of a style of the eighties, I don't know. As for Amadeus, but uh that's I don't know. But Yeah, hard to tell. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's funny actually um because on your on your slides actually the ratings are eight point seven for both. No they have the same, Usual Suspects and Pulp Fiction, both are at eight point seven, but on Denis's table uh this one is at eight point six. Who knows, maybe people voted for it, yeah. Could have changed in the meanwhile. Though with one hundred and thousand votes, it shouldn't change too much. I mean, given the number of votes, I wonder but anyway, it's m it may change I think, yeah. Okay. Wow. That's encouraging. No. Haven't. Uh I I've seen very few movies from the list, about ten out of the first fifty. Okay, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've seen it, this one. I I like it very much. I've actually seen it Well, it's plenty of well known songs and, you know, the twist thing and Oh I would keep it as a candidate, but I don't know, I think for the moment m m guess most of these are candidates, so we'll try to. Yeah, we should probably vote after everyone Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No. I you you recognise them, or you can read the the text on the images. Oh okay. Huh. Very well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Okay. No, yeah, so probably not uh So Who is in prison, actually. Yeah. No no. He tries to decrypt the the the other killers' behaviour. Yeah. Well, not very nasty ones. Or does he, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, that's basically the point, yeah. Mm-hmm. So on the picture you can see uh Jodie Foster and uh ha ha. Th th The Moth. Anthony Hopkins. The other one, I don't remember. We don't see any h see him very often. But it's Mm-hmm. Yeah. But the plot is quite horrible. I mean the not the plot, but the what the the active killer wants to do is quite horrible and Mm. Okay. Yeah, I've seen it. I think I've seen it a second time on T_V_, but maybe not entirely. They're much too young. Indeed. I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it, so. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it's not very violent, really. Ah okay, great. Mm-hmm. Okay, yeah. Uh-huh. And what about the well that picture with the the girl and do you see naked people in the movie or is it about sex or something like that? Ah okay. Supposedly. Okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's a mixture of bringing new things to them, but also making them enjoy the show, so that they come to our movie club, so yeah, I think we shouldn't maybe do very mainstream movies, but well okay, the list here is quite uh Yeah. Yeah, I think also if you look at the number of votes here. Uh Yeah. Uh regarding the Denis's table I would say given that this site, I don't know if it's mainly American, but uh I would say that Yeah, I think mm yeah, it's English speaking anyway, so uh though so Yeah, but if you look at Yeah, but I would say mainstream are the ones that have more than, whatever, sixty thousand votes, and you can see some more, well, confidential films that have like ten thousand, twenty thousand, like mm Princess Mononoke, twenty thousand and uh, whatever, the the Kieslowski at eleven thousand, the Trois Coleurs Rouge. Yeah, it's not bad at all, yeah. So yeah, anyway, if you want a definition of mainstream or whatever. Mm-hmm. Yep. D uh Danish I think, it's the Dogma movement. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, let's uh Yeah, so it's uh actually I have made I have made photocopies. I have them Denis, so it's all for you. Actually I I tried to propose just one movie with some alternates. Uh you want one? Um so my proposal, which is only a proposal, would be to to keep the focus on um uh more or less history and action, so Lawrence of Arabia was, okay, about this guy during the first world war, so it happens, okay, outside Europe and the States, but uh it's a piece of history. Uh Apocalypse Now it's uh Vietnam, if I'm um correct and, okay, Amadeus, that's much uh much earlier and it's not about it's not violent, which is a nice thing I think. But um given that we would like a movie from the nineties, I thought the Saving Private Ryan oh thanks for projecting the document um would keep this more or less this theme of uh history and war and action drama, while showing actually a very new and I would say humanistic view on on war. Because it's it's not like the sort of glorification of uh, you know, the good guys that that uh well go against the Nazis, but uh it's uh it's well the plot actually if you don't know it It's about people looking for just one soldier, in fact it's um it's about a a family of four brothers, who actually three of them get killed during the war in these days of forty well, I guess summer forty four and the uh well the government decides that they need to get back the fourth brother just to save one member of the family. And this this guy is Private Ryan. So the movie is not about killing the Germans or whatever, it's about saving at least one guy from a family, so but of course the the setting is during the war and um it's very realistic and uh very dramatic in fact. It's um it's not at all a glorification of war but it's just uh it shows a bit uh the violence of um of the things. And especially the the beginning is uh I think it's great, it's it's very violent, but it's it's an image of of war. It's uh Yeah, but I think if mm well if you compare it with It yeah, it's the landing, and actually every more or less everyone gets killed and Oh I I didn't know, but yeah, actually it's very well filmed and it's very realistic, and I don't know if you compare with, I don't know, in Lawrence of Arabia I think they have some battles and camels. I know it's very nice, someone falls somewhere there and, well you know, it's like battles that look nice, but this one doesn't look nice, and I think it's uh it's also maybe representative of the nineties, you know, people starting to get the more uh realistic view of uh of of war. But it's true, it's it's a bit violent, and so what I put here it's a bit long too, it's nearly three hours. But uh I don't know, Apocalypse Now is quite long too I think I don't remember. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So it won uh five Oscar prizes, uh best director for Steven Spielberg, um best cimena cinematography, etcetera. Uh I don't know. Oh. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Um okay, so um yeah, that's that's the point, it's it's a bit grey, and actually if you look at my second page, uh in the trivia I found out that in fact they uh actually reduced the the colour saturation of the movie, just to make it look maybe a bit like the documentaries from the time. Yeah, I was very surprised to find this uh it's They they turned back the colours for uh Yeah. Yeah. So this uh fact number two I think obviously for I mean technical people like us is uh is is is quite funny. So yeah, so I I mean these four points could serve also as an introduction if you want to talk f fo for fi five or ten minutes before the movie, I don't know, in in the room. So uh yeah, mm so tha this would be my candidate, but I'm very much open to Mm-hmm. Yeah, on th on yeah, on the picture actually yeah, it's Tom Hanks. In fact you you don't see uh Private Ryan until the end more or less, or you see mm because they they're looking for him, yeah. Mm-hmm. No, Tom Tom Yeah. Well the caption says Captain John Miller, so. So i if you look at the caption um yep. So he's uh he's Yeah, so the Private is just a simple soldier actually. Yeah. Uh who, Private Ryan or no no, they find him actually and they send him back to the family, but the Captain dies actually, Tom Han L Oh yeah, it's Private Ryan, yeah, remembering at the beginning. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, exactly, yeah, he dies unfortunately. So yeah, there is sacrifices and Mm-hmm. Oh. Mm-hmm. Yeah, the German. Uh-huh. Yeah. Well I mean yeah, it has a moral dimension all over the movie, you know, saving the individual and the guys. So yeah, I I don't know. I don't know how many people have have seen it, well among you, well most of you actually. Oh all, okay, all of us. So maybe th people know it quite well. Yeah. Okay, so yeah, so I have some other candidates, um it's on first page at the bottom. Uh I also put Pulp Fiction, uh The Silence of the Lambs and I also, well, sort of included La Vita e Bella, but I know we're an Engish movie club, so I guess it's um it's a bit out of purpose. But it Oh it's uh it's about again about the camps and the Second World War. So it's about uh a family of Italians which uh g arrives into a a death camp, and in fact it's treated in a more or less humorous mode, so um the father tries to hide from i from his boy that they are in a death camp, and it's this very strange mm well, not really humour, but relation between the uh how Well the boy gets saved, but the father dies. Yeah. So I don't know i it created some controversies I think, because people said you shouldn't do any form of humour related to the camps, but it's very very moving, so I think it's anyway um Italian, so. Yep. Yeah. Okay uh Denis. Haven't seen it, but uh I heard it's very funny. And I've seen some other films by by the Coen brothers. Yeah, which is in your table. Um the last one was the one with Catherine Zeta-Jones uh. Crue crue Yeah, something about cruelty or very funny. A movie or a novel? No, but they say that Raymond Chandler wrote the novel. You see, it's the the last but one paragraph on your second page. I think so. Mm. Um Y you wrote the paragraph on the poster? Okay. Could be edited a bit. Yeah. Yeah, there are two Lebowskis in the film. Mm-hmm. Yeah, there should be a reference there. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's probably a bit dark for a poster, but otherwise it's very nice. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh okay, it's a dream. Okay, sounds a bit crazy. Yeah. Hmm. Uh-huh. Yeah. I like it because it's not so dark, so the images are a bit um brighter. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Wh what about a brighter background, because this one, I don't know how it would show on a wall or something like this. It doesn't really catch your attention. 'Kay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, the content was very good in the second one. Th Yeah, all this information is very good. Mm-hmm. Oh or just one of them. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. W I I would suggest if it's not too long, maybe each of us could nominate one or two movies. We make a list and then we vote. What do you think? So who wants so, Mirek, what do you nominate? You are? Okay. In the nominees, okay. Another nominee? Okay, Agnes, Usual Suspects. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well you can nominate one or two, so that we or whatever. Um I would nominate, well okay, my candidate, Saving Private Ryan. And uh I'm happy with your nominations too. Uh I would nominate also Pulp Fiction, because it's a very good movie. Um Denis, so your yours is already nominated, but you want Yeah. Okay, so it's already on the list. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if you want. So so we have uh seven candidates. Um if you have a good short term memory that should be okay. Yeah. So uh Big Lebowski, Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan, Pulp Fiction, American Beauty, Schindler's List and Silence of the Lambs. So now let's vote. Should we vote just for one film or should each of us say give Okay. So Big Lebowski Alright. Uh you can write on your paper maybe. And Saving Private Ryan. So Yeah, Pulp Fiction, yeah. Okay, so each of us chooses one to eliminate. Okay. Denis? Okay. I will just remove it this way. Um um I would remove Schindler's List because it's too sad. Well, it's not very good reason, but Oh, too bad. No, no. Well I mean leave someth okay, so we're left with The Big Lebowski, Usual Suspects, Saving Private Ryan and American Beauty. Okay, so let's vote just simply for one, for the moment. So I would vote for American Beauty, because I haven't seen it. Um so Mirek, Big Lebowski. Agnes, Denis? Uh yeah, you can choose. Y you're the president maybe after all uh. Okay. Yeah, I think I'm quite fine. Is it a b yeah, I think at least it's funny and uh that's nice. Okay. So. Decision. Mm-hmm. That's your fault, Mirek. No, no, no, I mean yeah, it's you voted for it. But I'm quite happy with it, I haven't seen it. Well, beginning of May I guess, to choose the film for May. Is that Yeah, the fifth is um Ascension. What's that, going up to the sky? Yeah, we can do it like the Tuesday before the Ascensions and that's May third. So yeah. So thanks for the posters actually, Denis, they are very nice. Okay. See you on what, April twenty sixth, or what's the mm twenty ninth. Okay.
";"The project manager opened the meeting and stated that the goal for the current meeting was to select a movie to screen. ""The Usual Suspects"" or ""The Sixth Sense"". Agnes discussed the plot, ratings, and reviews and awards of the films to defend her choices. Another team member  proposed that the film club should select one of the seven movies he had selected. His selection of movies was based on rankings and awards. Among his selections were ""Schindler's List"", ""The Usual Suspects"", ""Pulp Fiction"", ""Goodfellas"", ""Silence of the Lambs"", and ""American Beauty"". Another team member proposed that the film club should screen ""Saving Private Ryan"", ""Pulp Fiction"", ""The Silence of the Lambs"", or ""La Vita e Bella"". Denis proposed that the club should screen ""The Big Lebowski"" and discussed with the team how to go about designing a poster. The team then decided which movie to screen, ultimately deciding upon ""The Big Lebowski"". "
"Hello. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I haven't see it. it's a One hundred thousand. One hundred and two. For for voted for it, yeah. More votes? Yeah, it's it seems to be quite popular. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.. Yeah. So my presentation is not that detailed, I just uh put there seven uh highly uh ranked movies, and we can just try to g uh go very quickly through all of them, just to re remind you them, and then we can perhaps consider another p uh potential candidates. Okay, so the movies that I have selected as as very good uh good ranked movies uh are uh uh are on the screen so uh Shaw The Shawshank Redemption, Schindler's List, Usual Suspects, Pulp Fiction, Goodfellas, Silence of the Lambs and American Beauty. Uh so perhaps we can go to the to the f to the first movie. Uh The Shawshank Redempt uh Redemption um actually I didn't see that movie, so is there someone else who have seen this movie? Okay. mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, the plot outline says that the life of Andy uh Dufresne Duf okay, of Andy, changes when he uh he's uh convicted and jailed for the murder of his wife, and the user comment says it's simply amazing, the best uh film of the nineties. So that's uh what it says, okay, we can't tell much more, because basically none of us have seen it. Mm-hmm, yeah. So the second one is a Schindler's list, it's more serious movie, it's from the St uh Steven Spielberg and it's about the Second War uh Sec Second World War. Uh the plot outline is that the Oskar Schindler uh uses Jews to uh start a factory in Poland during the war, and he witnesses the uh horrors uh endured by the Jews and starts to save them. User comment says, a film for all to see and learn, and I think it's really something what is very serious uh theme and uh yeah. So that's a Schindler's List, um we can perhaps do you have some comments? I I have seen it. I think it's really good movie, it's uh it's quite long actually, I can't uh here I didn't put the the minutes, but I think it's it's at least about three hours. Yeah. No, I don't know, I don't know, unfortunately. But I would expect it. I would expect it. Okay, so if you can go to the It's a true story, yeah. It's it's yeah, I would say that the user comment says everything, a film to see and to learn. And to remember as well, yeah. Okay, th so the third one is The Usual Suspects. So I think I I wouldn't uh I don't want to comment it again, so we can just skip that, because it was this this is the one already commented by Agnes. So let's go to the to the other one. Pulp Fiction. I would say that's that's like a classical movies of of nineties, uh it's uh directed by Quentin Tarantino, it's a it's a crime and drama, it's a a there i there are several s several stories that are just mixed up during the during the movie, and uh yeah, it's a real classical movie, I would say almost nowadays. So I've seen it. So all of us. Sure, sure, you can see it several times, because I mean the first time you cannot catch all the details, and then i when you see it second times and third times it's It's big comeback, yeah, big comeback of John Travolta, yes. I would say good comeback. Yes. Who is there? Huh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Bruce Willis is there as a boxer, yeah. Um Yes. Okay, so that's Pulp Fiction, definitely should be considered uh. Mm-hmm. Wow, that's interesting. How. That may be. Yeah, because yeah because I have I have uh I have th this review on on Wednesday. Okay. It's Goodfellas, I haven't see that movie. The plot outline says that the Henry Hill and the his friends uh work their way uh their way up through the mob uh hierarchy, and uh the user comment says, it's a simply a masterpiece, so and if you go to the to the to the votes, there is quite a lot of people who has vote for the Goodfellas, sixty six thousand. Okay, it's It's modern day average, so it's perhaps not a bad movie. I dunno, I haven't see that. You have seen it? Yeah? Mm-hmm. uh-huh. And how i was it called, Mafia? Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. So it talks about the nineteen twen twenties or something like o of twenties? Mm-hmm. Okay, so. Mob is mafia, mm-hmm. Okay. Silence of the Lambs, that's a godfather of all thrillers, I would say. Fully in line with the user comments. Uh basically it's a it's a thriller, horror and crime all together. The plot outline says that the uh Clarice Starling, the young F_B_I_ agent is assigned to help a f to help find a mi uh missing woman and save her from the ps psychopathic killer with the help of another killer. This another killer is actually in a jail and it's uh Anthony Hopkins, and he really plays it a very good, I would say. I'm not sure whether he received some a awards for that, but it's really it's Yes, very good performance, very good performance. Yeah, and we can see her actually on the picture on the on the projector.. Um uh ninety one uh ninety one uh. So nowadays she's already fourteen years older. Yeah. And I saw this movie when I was like uh twelve or thirteen and it was really really uh bad experience. So I can't remember all the details of that movie, but I would like to see it again. I recently I saw the the uh Hannibal, that the seco the sec uh it was a third third part actually, it was called Hannibal I guess. It was second one, yeah. So that's why It was really disgusting, yeah. Yeah. And the last choice that um I think it's it's not a bad movie, it's uh American Beauty. Uh it's basically about the about the people in America, each of them is uh I would say psychotic in his uh his own way, but uh normally they appear to be uh s normal people, as as we can see them ev every day. Uh so and it's really it's uh the user comments say it's a deep, wonderful, penetrating uh film, extraordinary uh irony uh in a psychological drama about American life, and I can fully agree with this user comment. Uh He's simulati I I I've seen this movie, but I Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. But then he fell in love with the the with the with the friend of uh his daughter, if I remember well. That's really Maybe. Yeah, yeah, that's true, yeah. Uh-huh. And I think that's the last If would like to go for something what is really serious I would definitely uh go for Schindler's List, and if not uh then Hmm. I would like to see this uh Shawshank Redemption, because it receive i yeah, it it none of us seen this movie unfortunately, but uh as you can see from the from your from your table, there is a plenty of votes. It's actually I think it's a movie with highest number of the votes, yeah, it is. Morgan Freeman, yeah. Darabont. Me neither, me neither. Yeah, but really I would like to highlight that it's a it's a movie with highest number of the votes and the highest ranking at the same time. So. And actually I don't think it's it's it's that popular in Europe at least, because I really you see, none of us have seen it, so. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But if I read your first point in the in this uh trivias, I am just surprised because it says that all the principle actors uh underwent several days of uh cruel army training except for the Man Matt Damon, and the reason was that they wan uh that the that the director wanted that uh the other actors would resent him. Why this was uh wanted actually? Yeah. And they didn't like it, they didn't like the mission? Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah, and it okay. Yes. Most of them. So there is actually several people dying because of one single single soldier, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I have no comments, no no, it's Yeah, but I really appreciate your table, because I found this table really useful. It's a very nice summary. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So doing nothing, just uh take it easy in the life, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And the one on the left is his friend? Aha, yeah. But this movie is is supposed to happen in uh what time, I mean it's uh Which ca From the nineties? And he's still uh still uh prepared from or or still as he he would come from the Vietnam. Okay. There i Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And this one is supposed to be the second Lebowski? Or who Okay, okay. But actually I'm I'm little bit missing th some information about our movie club, I think uh there should be some more information. Yeah I like this, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So perhaps we can somehow combine them. I think there is too many colours, too many colours. Nowadays, you know, if you see some advertisements on the s yeah, but nowadays if you see some advertisement on the on the street, this is typical typical uh poster I wouldn't wouldn't look at. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. How is it actually r ranked, because I cannot see it here in your table. I somehow can't find it. Ah, forty eight. Yeah, fifty thousand, mm-mm. Voted, yeah. Mm-hmm. Let's nominate, okay. So I will take basically two extremes, I will take Schindler's List and I will take uh The Big Lebowski. One of the one of them is really just funny and from the nineties, uh I mean the story is from the nineties, while the second one is about the Second War and is uh serious. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's Yeah, but then each of us will will uh but then each of us will vote for uh our nominees, so I would propose to to to vote for s sun uh to to give the points to the to the movies that were not nominated by you. So then it's it's more complicated but yeah, okay, let's Mm-hmm, okay. Sixth Sense. 'Kay. Seconds. okay, and I wi I will give one to The Big Lebowski and two to The uh uh Shawshank Redemption. So now try to sum it up. American Beauty. Uh three. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But I would say these images are very nice and they are really representative perhaps. Mm-hmm. I'm Yeah, sure, sorry. Sorry. I was sleepi sleeping for a while. Mm-hmm. It should be from this period, because nineties would be finished. Mm. Two thousand. Mm-hmm. Yeah.. Whatever. First Monday of May, yeah, so it's after the projection, and we will see what are the reactions of the people and so it makes sense that we are yes, yes, yes. And perhaps we will have some new members. Um American Beauty, finally. Okay.
Yep. Um So hello everybody. So uh you everybody had the a agenda for today, you received it or Yep. So the goal for today is to decide for a movie to project at the end of the month, so for this month of of April, and also discuss the content for an adver advertising posters and um I I will present you three des different design, we'll discuss it. So first we have to decide for um a movie. So I think we all prepared documents. So I propose that we start with uh presentation Agnes uh sent. And actually the psychologist is dead. Yep. Mm. Yep. So wha what will be your argument for projecting this movie? Yep. It's very well known. Yeah. I think, yeah. It's one of the most well known thriller.. Yeah. That's my impression, yeah. But it's it's rated four fourth in uh in the list and one hundred one hundred thousand seen it. Voted for it. Voted for it, and I think only two other mov uh no, f three other movies uh have uh have more votes. But the kid is seeing dead people, I mean is uh it's quite uh No, but it's quite uh morbid you can say that? Yeah, morbid. Yeah. They don't remember. Yep. So what was you criteria for selecting this movie or But then it's only at the at the end that it it becomes a good movie. Only because of the of the end. I I've heard some people in the in the theatre saying, oh now we have to see it again. But then if you asked them five minutes ago okay. Yeah. Okay, so uh I think, Mirek, you prepared a presentation also. We can have a look. Sorry, it's control L_ I have s I have seen it, but I don't remember it. Which is not good.. But the rating is very good then. It you know if it's to uh if it received some award? Or Probably no? Yeah, I think also but uh Yeah yeah. Well, it's a true story also, uh so. And to remember maybe, or Yeah. So who has seen it? Agnes, you've seen it? Yeah. And it's it's the comeback from of uh John Travolta, no? So uh Big comeback, yeah. Bruce Willis is there also. Yeah. Um Sorry? And what's the name of the girl on the poster. Um Uma Thurman, okay. Yep. So on the list I I brought on the docu on my document, the two movies, Pulp Fiction and Usual Su Suspect are just swapped. Pulp Fiction is actually coming before The Usual Suspect. Yeah, Tuesday, it's quite surprising though, but uh, okay. Yeah. Actually I have seen it, now I realise, yeah, yeah. No, because I thought it was like another movie, but it's it's this movie actually. Uh Les in French. I think it that one, but it's very violent. Very. It doesn't say it here, but uh it's probably rated R_. It speak about uh a guy who is not Italian, who is uh going up in the hierarchy of mafia. So. The mob, so the mob is the mafia actually? Okay. And Jodie Foster is very good as well. She was pretty young, no? For. W w from whe when is the movie? Ninety one, yeah. Yep. But not that good, no? Okay, what's your opinion? You have seen it? Violent and and uh scary as well. Mm. Psychopathic, I mean it's uh Okay. And last choice. Yep, that's a good one. And Kevin Spacey? It's no, Kevin Spacey, he received something, no? He's actually uh quitting his job at the beginning, but he's uh simulating a fight with his boss in order to to to pursue pursue to Yeah, I think. Yeah, to sue him afterward. And then Yeah. Yeah. Yep. No uh there is this rose, because the she's he's imagining her taking baths with ro roses all around and uh he's uh yeah. Exactly. Okay. Um so what will be your favou your preferred one on in this list? The first one, yeah. Probably yeah, you received so yeah. Yeah, yeah. And it's uh Tim Robbins and uh who is the the guy behi Morgan Freeman. Yeah. Yeah, great actors. Mm yeah. Yep. Okay. Yep, it tells something. Okay, it's just a do we want to have to display the most popular movie or or we're Yeah. That's right, yeah. Okay, Andrei, yeah, can can you comment your Yeah. Um yeah, I w thank you. Yep. And you e And you enjoyed that, the fact the you see clo I To realise how it wa how it was exactly. Yeah, it's very different, yeah. To make it like uh an historical movie or Yeah, mm. Oh. Yeah. What kind of message? Sorry, I'm not getting your Okay. Yep. Or or we have you have Okay. So actually I don't know if uh y any of you have uh read the document I prepared on The Big Lebowski. It's below the table, yeah. I wanted Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I wanted to say that uh it's quite open, there are many choices possible. But then my proposal is The Big Lebowski from um the two brothers uh Coen, Coen brothers. And it's a actually Joel Co Coen who uh directed the movie. Um the plot is quite hard to to make, but maybe you you read it al already you understood something from the plot or. I am? Yeah, it's it's it's a bit like the f in my opinion like um American Beauty, because it's it's a funny movie but uh it critiques a lot the American society. And the the the hero, the the Dude, the mm Big Lebowksi, it's actually his name, is a a kind of non-hero, but he's representative of the of uh a normal uh L_A_ L_A_ guy. And uh he has a friend comi veter veteran from Vietnam and uh another friend who is never speaking. And they all are together in a bowling club where they meet and they discuss about uh everything. They seems to have no job, I not know, we never seen i them working. Yeah. And actually he's uh taking part to a kind of um uh uh s some some killers come to his apartment uh because they think he's someone else, and uh the whole story is about uh he wants to to to get some money out of this story, and he's going to see the other Lebowski to ask him money, because he he because the killers actually uh damage some stuff in his apartment. It's uh Jeff Bridges and uh John Goodman. John Goodman, you have probably seen him in in a series? On the right, the guy on the right, Jeff Bridges. Yeah. He's the one coming uh from from Vietnam. He's kind of uh he is still equipped for for war. Okay so uh It's f a movie from the nineties actually, yep. Yep, yeah, yeah, that's a problem. I'm going to actually I want to show you some posters I prepared for this movie, so we actually can discuss at the same time the poster design. So on the left you see the main characters of the movie, so the the hero at the top left. Then it's the guy coming back from Vietnam. Afterward it's uh uh a guy who John Turturro, they are competing with him on a bowling uh contest, and um Julianne Moore and the last one is Buscemi or something like that. Buscemi? He's never speaking in the movie. Each time he's trying to speak, the other one are are stopping him. So it's qu No, he's not on the on the picture, the second Lebowski. So uh my proposition was to add um the title of course, some information abo about the pricing on the right Uh yeah, but when it will be printed it will be okay, I think. Ah, you mean Okay, so I prepared a second one where th th th there's there is some information. At the bottom we can see that um, do you know Mondre Montreux English Movie Club? Uh I said that people can contact us to to get to the committee and select movies. So um. Okay. But there is a th there is a third one. Um actually I I prefer it because it's more colourful also. But it's it can catch the eyes actually but um But then the problem I preferred the first one, because I think it's important to have the plot of movie, e especially for uh a movie people don't n never heard about it. But uh I don't know. Okay. Okay, so what do you propose, what should I do for these posters? In terms of content. Okay, I'll try to do something, but first anyway we have to select a movie. So I'll put all the information and you want me to put the at the bottom, all the information about the committee and the the Montreux Club, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so just to conti to finish with The Big Lebowski, it's um I think those two images are pretty representative, so the on the first on on the top you see the hero with a a cowboy that i introduces the movie, and on the bottom it's uh he is he keeps dreaming in th in this movie, because uh uh the killer's um uh put it d put it or he is drinking too much also, so each time he's uh drinking he's having some dreams, very very weird, but interesting. Yep. Yeah, yeah. Actually, she wants him to she wants to make kids and she's using the Big Lebowski to have kids with him, but he doesn't know. So maybe he's making strange uh Okay. Yeah, yeah, it's very very sweet and it's like a it's like a dream actually. It's um no, it is on in the table actually. It's um it's coming at the end. Forty eight. But quite a lot of people have seen it actually. Yeah. Yeah, but generally you vote when you have seen the movie, no? Okay, so uh I think we should decide for a movie now. So maybe each of us can s can select two movies or Okay. Um no, actually I'm happy with the choices, because I really I would really push uh American Beauty, because I think it's uh it's an easy movie to watch and and still there are a lot of things to think afterward. And it's representative of the nineties, I think. Okay. Yeah. Okay, start, Andrei. No I don't want to finish I think I'm going to No. Yeah, maybe it makes more sense, yeah. Okay, me I put two to American Beauty and uh one to Saving Private Ryan. No, Big Lebowski, I nominate. So do we have something? Yeah, that's the only thing that's worrying me, but it should be okay. Yeah, yeah. So you select you wanted actually me to select the this design? That takes a bit more time, but if you c if all of you can send me one image, I can make something on the left. Select one image from the movie and uh With a different title? Okay. No but I'll make something. Julianne Moore actually uh She's playing in the no? In American Beauty? Ah okay. Okay uh we s We still have to decide for next meeting and we're all set. Uh by uh Monday, next Monday. I think we can meet at the same period. Yeah. No. First Monday of May. Yep. But then in June, what are we going to do in June, because we cannot make movies from ten two thousand Yeah. yeah, maybe. Okay. Thank you. So what's the movie again? Okay. Thank you.
It's just that I need uh some some white paper. Uh yes. Um, hello? Yes, I did. Mm. Ah. No, but we're the clubbers, but Agnes, uh I was just wondering, uh I see uh I have here Denis's table, and when they say that it's the freshest whatever since Pulp Fiction, well that's probably not a very long time, because Pulp Fiction is ninety four and Usual Suspects is ninety five. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I haven't seen it. Really? Oh. It's it's hard to tell. So that's your impression. Yeah. That's mine, but uh Yeah. How many people voted for it, yeah? That's true. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Isn't violent at all in fact, or it's more like scary or Uh-huh. Scary or yeah, mm-hmm. Creepy or Mm-hmm. Have you seen it? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ah. If we show it twice. Okay. So is Bruce Willis the child psychologist? Ah. Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's the guy who then played in uh Artificial Intelligence or something like this, mm-hmm. Great. Mm. Uh me neither. I thi So uh I was told that in French it was called uh Les Evadees. Yeah. Should we should we believe this? Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe even best picture, yeah. Mm-hmm. But yeah, indeed, it's maybe too sad and too, yeah, too poignant for Well Mm-hmm. Yeah, I've seen it too. Yeah it's it's very good and it's a bit violent, but it's also quite funny I think. It's a Mm-hmm. Yeah. the boxer. Pardon? Yeah, as the boxer. Uh Uma Thurman. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's strange, with so many votes that they can p shift. I mean statistically speaking it's strange. Mm-hmm. Wow. Mm. But it was that movie? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Not really in favour of this, but Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think, yeah, when yeah, I saw this movie some time ago and yeah, she looked quite young I thought. Ninety one,. Mm-hmm. Okay. Oh yeah, I've seen it, yeah. Yeah, it's a good movie, I um I don't know, maybe too well known, but since it's fifteen years old maybe people would li Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh again? Mm-hmm. I see. S mm-hmm mm-hmm. Ah, that's the girl who is represented on the the picture? You recognise her belly? Uh Oh so you recognise the rose. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, but didn't I mean I see this name of the the director on the slide, but I don't really know him. Frank Darabont? Never heard of this guy. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I'm not sure. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe. But it's true, yeah, we shouldn't stick to only very highly rated movies on this table. Though it's a very useful table, but um okay, do you want me to yeah. So yeah, uh I wrote some notes on um on Saving Private Ryan, which is my candidate. If you can display them it's perfect. Uh do you all have a copy of them? I have some paper copies. Uh you're welcome. So actually given that more or less our theme since the beginning of the year was um history, drama, action, and given also that, well, we decided to to present this month a movie from the the nineties, um I thought that among these movies, who look quite popular, uh Saving Private Ryan would be a very good candidate. Um actually it's a movie I've seen. Have you seen it before? Okay, so you've all seen it, so maybe everyone has seen it, I'm not very sure. Um but I think it's a very novel treatment of of war, it's uh it's no longer the b glorification of uh, whatever, combat and victory, but the plot is quite different, it's about saving one person who has a special special value in the in the movie um if only because his brothers actually were all killed, so uh the government believes that they should save at least one person from the family, and saving means actually removing from the the front, if you if re if you remember the plot. So in fact this guy, the Private Ryan is not at all the main actor, the the main a well, the main character is uh played by Tom Hanks and it's actually you can see his picture on the second page of my my notes uh Captain John Miller. So he is sent with this rather strange mission, which is not a combat mission, but they uh they want just to to get this guy back, which is in fact this guy is I think behind enemy lines or something like this. So it happens in in Europe, just after the the Normandy landing, and it's very very striking the way they they filmed all the the combat scenes and uh it's it's very dramatic, it's uh it's not, you know, like in the movies from the fifties or the sixties where people just fall and die anonymously, but here they well, you see everything and you see how many people die on that day. It's actually Well it's very strange, you could s ask this for any sad movie, did you enjoy it. Well I didn't really enjoy to see bad things, but uh I think it was satisfying to see that, well, how dramatic things are. Yeah. Exactly, yeah. I it's very moving, I it's true, it's not very it's not very, well, happy. I don't know how it would compare with Apocalypse Now, if it's darker or maybe Yeah. So yeah, so I think this would continue a bit our our theme. So the the movie is ranked quite high, if I if I refer back to your table it's number uh, what actually, um fourteen. Quite a lot of votes, so um also one of the the mainstream movies. Um on the second page uh of my notes I well I quoted some uh well some facts about the movie that I found interesting, we we could use them for either a poster or uh or a presentation. Um especially I enjoyed the story about the the colour saturation. It's true that the movie is not really black and white, uh but uh the colours are grey-ish, dark-ish, it it prov it makes a very moving effect. Yeah, I think also to show the um yeah, I think it's the reference to history and also this dark yeah the mood and uh things are actually well most of the things are quite grey, you know, the uniforms, weapons, things and things like that. Mm-hmm. Exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well I think Matt Damon is the guy who must be saved, if I remember well, and in fact the die Well yeah, the people didn't understand why they should save one person. So and they are quite resentful, because they I mean they feel they should fight, they shouldn't just go there and uh just get someone and get back. And in fact some of them d get killed for this guy. Actually most of them, yeah, I think so. So Yeah, yeah. It's a very I think some people compare it with uh, whatever, Christian message or I dunno, but um I think it's quite quite universal and it's uh I think it's a modern, very modern Well this uh value of one individual, it looks like a Christian message, you know, the value of one is compared to others I I don't know I th I think I heard this at that point, but maybe I'm just wrong. So yeah, I I think it would make a coherent choice. It's probably a bit long and we might want something that is lighter and funnier, but uh if we want to keep this this idea of history and conflict and also to show some some kind of modern treatment of it, it it would make for a good choice. But if you see in my notes at the bottom of the first page I put some other candidate movies. Uh La Vita e Bella is an Italian one, but it's also about history and it happens at t the same period as Schindler's List. And I also quoted Pulp Fiction and Silence of the Lambs, um a bit more remote from the themes, but quite well known movies and enjoyable I would say. So do you have any questions about this, or should we just move to the next candidate maybe? Okay. It's just below the table, so since we all refer to the table Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, I think the summary is i is quite good, and especially I think it uh well mm when you read it you just want to go to see the movie. I think it looks funny for me. I haven't seen the movie, but uh the summary looks funny. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Actually, who are the two characters on the the p the poster, on the on the image that Uh-huh. And w and which one is the Big Lebowski on the picture? Okay, so the guy with the glasses. The Vietnam guy. Hmm. Well, sort of. Oh. Mm-hmm. Oh. Yeah, you cannot read it very well because Mm. Uh-huh. Yeah, the text on this one is very good. Oh because it's square. Uh-huh. Yeah, I don't like the black one. The f the first poster is I think much uh much too dark. No, that's nice. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe two or three sentences, because I guess they won't stop in front of the poster. Yep. So layout of the first one and colours of the third one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh okay. So the woman on the second picture, that's Julianne Moore or oh. Ah. Interesting. So it's not really violent or I mean the movie is quite for general audiences. Okay. okay. Huh. Well, at least voted for it. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, let's nominate first. And then we vote we choose from the list. Mm-hmm. Well I'll nominate the one I proposed, Saving Private Ryan, so history, war, drem drama. And I haven't seen it, but I would like to see it and I think American Beauty. If you if you think that our series okay, it's not about America, but uh still Apocalypse well, yeah. It's about countries. So, Agnes, Denis? So Denis, are you happy with our choices or would you like to add something? Mm-hmm. Okay. So what if we voted, say, like for first and second choice and then we count? You can give two points to one and one point to another one? Would you like this strange way to vote? Um okay so uh Oh yeah, um well it's uh well if I nominated two and I was the only one, I'll give two points to Saving Private Ryan and one to American Beauty. You don't want to finish, Denis. Then you'd better hurry. Okay. Okay. That makes the vote more complicated. Um okay, so I'll give um uh b um okay, two to The Sixth Sense and one to The Big Lebowski. I note that you didn't nominate a film, so you are sort of freer than us. Agnes? Okay, oh. American Beauty four, Big Lebowski three. So you have to redo the posters, uh? Mm. Mm-hmm. You mean the first poster, yeah. Maybe you can leave those. Oh leave Julianne Moore. Okay, I'm looking forward to seeing it, I haven't see it, so Um so we have to select the movie for May. So uh we'll try a movie from the two thousands. And we can meet at the beginning of May. So I think Monday is second? No, Monday is third already. Mm whatever. Okay. Yeah, how many people we got and uh Mm-hmm. Maybe some kind of movies that spans across periods. I think there is a Godard with a lot of um quotations from other movies or well let's see when we Let's cross the bridge when we get to it. Thanks, see you April ni twenty ninth, American Beauty.
Are you gonna take the minutes? Good. Hello. Um I don't, do you have an extra copy? Thanks. Okay. Mm-hmm. Sure. Okay, so the previous movies that we've done this year were Lawrence of Arabia, Apop Apocalypse Now and Amadeus, which were all historical, serious, dramatic and somewhat actiony movies. So for this month I propose doing something different, preferably something set in the present, um something maybe dramatic but slightly less serious. So what I'd propose is actually a thriller or a mystery. And while these days people are so jaded by general movies that they tend not to be surprised by the endings in mysteries, some movies in the nineties did actually have twists that people came out saying, never saw that coming, I didn't know that that was gonna happen. And so what I'm gonna do is present you two of those movies, and before anyone says that, well, if you know th how the movie ends, you're not gonna wanna see it again, that's not necessarily the case, because a lot of people like to re-watch movies um to see where the clues were, what they missed, things they didn't pay attention to the first time around. Um so if you can go to the next slide. What I'd propose is either The Usual Suspects or The Sixth Sense. Um The Usual Suspects is slightly less mainstream. Um is has a fairly large cast, notably Kevin Spacey, Gabriel Byrne, um and it was directed by Bryan Singer, it's one of his earlier movies I think. It was written by Quist Christopher McQuarrie. Um and according to Rolling Stone it's the freshest, funniest and scariest crime thril thriller to come along since Pulp Fiction. Uh The Sixth Sense on the other hand is a more commercial movie with its famous line, I see dead people. Um it was written and directed by M_ Night uh Shyamalan and stars Bruce Willis, Haley Joel Osment and Toni Collette, and it's about a little boy who sees dead people and i he sees a child psychologist to try to get him to understand why he sees the dead people, what it means. Now that you've given away the twist, yes. Um Yeah. Send your complaints to Rolling Stone. So on the next couple of slides I'll just go through some of um more detailed stuff that we might need for administrative purposes. Um the length for The Usual Suspects um is a hundred and five minutes. Uh as you can s well, as Andrei already said, it's n nineteen ninety five. It has an R_ rating, which means that at least in the in North America it was not recommended for people under eighteen, 'cause it's fairly violent, but not so violent as other movies. Um plot outline uh five villains in New York are rounded up by the police in an unconventional manner that worries them. After release they get together for a spot of revenge, but someone else is controlling events. And the big mystery of the movie is who's controlling the events. Um it got an eight point seven out of ten user rating on the Internet Movie Database, it's sixteenth in the top two hundred and fifty movies of all time, forth in Denis's list of the top movies of the nineteen nineties, which I think was also taken from I_M_D_B_. Um it won several Academy Awards, including best supporting actor and best writing, um best film for the British equivalent of the Academy Awards, it was nominated for a Cesar for best foreign film. So it got a fair bit of recognition despite not being um a very mainstream, high budget movie, or maybe because it wasn't a mainstream, high budget movie. I don't think a lot of people have seen it, in fact, other than you haven't seen it, you haven't seen it, you've seen it. And don't think a lot of people have seen it, it's not a very very well known movie. What? Is it? See? Really? That surprises me, I always got the impression that it was Yeah. Well, it's a good movie. Yeah. Yeah. So but I think the main thing is it's got a good twist at the end and it's it's an interesting movie to watch. Um so if you go to the next slide. More or less the same thing for The Sixth Sense. It's slightly newer, nineteen ninety nine, more or less the same amount of time. It has a lower rating, 'cause it's less violent, but it depends what audience we are gonna have at the showings. It has it's scary and I think it has some sort of slight violence, but. Yeah, but they're not violently dead. It's it's morbid and it's creepy, but it's not violent as in people being sliced in half or anything like that. Um um it's nineteenth in the top movies of the nineties, hundred first in the top two hundred fifty, it was nominated for a lot of awards, it didn't win as many. Might have won more sort of minor awards, but at least the Academy Awards, it was nominated for five of them, um but didn't win. Nevertheless still a good movie, still a good twist at the end, which Denis already gave away. Good. Um so those would be my two choices. Let it's a sort of different style from the other movies we've seen, and they have a twist, so it's not your general movie where you just kind of sit through it and go, oh okay, get up and leave. It's at least out of those two movies I came out thinking, oh cool, okay. Yeah, but I mean that's a good thing, right? Yes. Yeah. Which is a good marketing ploy, if you think about it. Yeah, Bruce Willis is and the kid is really good, who plays the the main character. Yeah, yeah. Same guy. No. I've heard a lot of really good things about it, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think it's about three hours long, something like that. And it's a heavy movie, I it's emotional, it's I think it did. Either for director if not for best picture. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I've seen it. Yeah, yeah, that was his comeback movie, yeah. Yeah. It's Uma Thurman, yeah. Uh maybe 'cause I_M_D_B_ is updated daily, so if it happens that people had voted for it Mm-hmm. Have you? But it is this movie. Ah okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised. No, it's later than that, isn't it? Yeah. I don't know, but it was a good performance, creepy. Yeah. I think so, yeah. When did it come out? Yeah. As are we all. Yeah, me too. I don't think I've seen it since then. Ah. No, on the seco uh second one. Yeah. It wasn't that good, but I think it was almost more disgusting in a way There were some scenes in it where normally I don't get queasy watching movies, but that was just too much. It might be a little bit too violent for I dunno. Yeah. That's a good movie. Yeah, it's Kevin Spacey. Quite possibly, yeah. Yeah. Theoretically, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Morgan Freeman. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well let's go through the other suggestions. I do. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Up close. Yeah. It's very different, I don't think you can compare them. Also sets the mood a little bit. Darker and Yeah, but you'd get a different impression if you had bright blue sky and bright sunshine behind it. Mm-hmm. Yeah, he's private Ryan. Well They're being sent to the front behind enemy lines to retrieve one soldier only because all of his other brothers died. Most of them get killed, don't they? Yeah. Yeah. Mm-mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I tried to. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Or is that the other Lebowski? Oh, okay. Buscemi, yeah. Really? Mm-hmm, yeah. I think it looks too much like a C_D_ cover, though. I like the layout of the first one and the content of this one. It looks like two different posters though. It's hard to read. The paragraph I think was a little bit long. I would and content of the second one. Yeah. Yeah, like what you have there. And then maybe replace the paragraph that you had on the first poster with either shorter sort of descriptions, not even of the whole plot, but just descriptions of the movie or 'cause I think that paragraph is too long, people don't r generally just stand there and then read the whole thing. Mm-hmm. It's here, forty eight. I hope more people have seen it. Mm-hmm. Um I'd go for Sixth Sense, just because it's different from all the other ones and maybe Shawshank Redemption, just because we haven't seen it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay, um Okay. Okay, um So I'll I'll give two to American Beauty and mm one to The Big Lebowski. Okay, so it's pretty clear. American Beauty. Well you can keep the format, I mean th you didn't have that many graphics in the first one. Yeah. Okay. Yes, but of the wrong movie. That's the real twist. No, she's not. No, it's who is it? Annette Bening, who's the m the main character, the well, the main female character, the mother. When do you want these images by? Just quickly. Day after tomorrow? Two thousands. Third isn't it? Monday May third? We can ask people casually, sort of what genre of movie they want, or Start again. Or go back to the fifties. Okay. American Beauty.
";"When the meeting opens the project manager gives the agenda and says they need to choose a movie to project at the end of the month as well as decide on the content of advertising posters. ""The Usual Suspects"" and ""The Sixth Sense"". He lists some facts about each and explains what they are about. ""The Shawshank Redemption"", ""The Usual Suspects"", ""Schindler's List"", ""Pulp Fiction"", ""Goodfellas"", ""Silence of the Lambs"", and ""American Beauty"". The group discusses each of the movie nominations, and they eventuually choose ""American Beauty"". "
"Hold that. Okay. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard, but they'll be recording what we write down. Mm. Mm. But for us it's just like a normal whiteboard. Mm-hmm. I have to draw. M my my favourite animal. Sorry this is all tangled up here. That's better. Mm-hmm. I'm a very bad drawer. Weird. Um. You're not gonna be able to guess from my drawing. I'm a bad drawer. Okay. They're ears, by the way. No. Um close though. Okay so like a pet animal. Like a cat. No, not a cat though. Okay. So. It's not a cat, it's a dog. Yes. It's got a tail then. Yeah yeah. So do cats. And you guessed cats without a tail. Okay. Okay, there you go. So what favourite characteristics. Uh. Dogs are always friendly and loyal and fun. A horse? This is why you're the designer. And I'm marketing. Ah Mm-hmm. That's it. A blue and black zebra. The very rare blue zebras. Yes. You got a lot of room here. You can probably reach. No? I took a dog. Um. A mouse? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It's a very big rat. Or a very small cat. Mm 'kay. Your turn. Ah I don't know what that is. It's a bit It's a bit hard to guess. Yeah. Mm-hmm Oh, it's a shark now. Mm. Now it's a swordfish. Swordfish. Um, maybe. I've never seen one, no. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. I'm marketing. Yep. Mm-hmm. Anna. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Oth yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. But we can't really design for something that hasn't been invented yet. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. But Ninety percent of the time, ninety nine percent of the time, people will be using the main functions, the volume, the different channels, so we can have all the fancy things as well but the main controls need to be very obvious and very easy to use. Mm. Mm. Mm. So try and get T_V_ manufacturers to Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Or you get it. Okay. Mm. Yours is well Yeah but the the mic should not Yeah. Mm. Can't help you with that. Okay, it's y yeah. Right. Then press uh al This. You know? Oh oh. Right well Wow. Amazing. It's working. Yeah. Under documents in the shared folder. Okay. Yeah, I guess we'll have a shared folder uh with documents that we can share. And uh, yeah. Yes. Each of us is going. Okay, shall I start? So, i But it's Actually, I think I cannot go with uh Yeah. Okay. You're on the knife. Mael. Yeah, I think I will go without without it, right? Yeah. And we should sum up its favourite charas characteristics, right? So Uh yeah. And i Th They like to sleep, that's why you said you they are like this. Yeah. She has the small legs. Yeah. Thank you, Matthew. Perfect. Oh a rat, okay. And you, A bird. Okay, in the water. Mm. Yeah. Put it colours. Maybe it would help us. With different pen widths. Ah it's a shark, yeah. Oh. You have some in in Australia, right? Yeah. I dunno. Oh well. Yeah. Perfect. So I dunno if we need to spend time on that, actually But uh Yeah, exactly, yeah. Wow. Yeah. Per remote control, yeah? Per project. So it's half of the selling price, if I am good in mathematics. Of course. Oh you're g very good in mathematics. Four million. Yeah. And uh just before starting the detailed discussion, maybe we You are the marketing guy? Or th So you are the marketing. And you are in the u use user interface uh design. So just yeah I wanted to to be sure. And I I'm the the industrial designer okay. Because I I don't know you very well, actually, but yeah. Okay. Mael. Happy to meet you. Okay. It's very uh Uh so yeah uh Just uh on your web page but uh yeah not uh not face to face. So mm So I Like what? Like internet on the on T_V_? Yeah. Actually, yeah w Of course, and first before um designing the func well thinking about the functionalities, we need to know what are the user requirements. Um then if they need internet, then we would be able to to p to propose something with uh uh T_V_ over I_P_. But before Yeah, but w w we want to design a new one. Mm. Yeah. The Yeah, the main is browsing. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Perfect.
Okay. No I don't think so it has to be like that yeah and you have to adjust the length. Okay, and then. Yeah, s yeah, um. I think you can put anywhere you want, actually. I thin It's not a directional mic, anyway. Uh. Yeah. Last. Okay. Okay. 'Kay. Alt F_ five. So. Yes. Total. Whitebo Yeah, you can start it you know. No they will record through that. There's a sensor over there which is going to record the strokes that you make. Yeah. Yeah. 's a cat. Yeah. Ah you forget about it. Yeah, uh I think it's fine. I just don't want to carry it off. Man, this wires, eh? We need a wireless microphone. You know? Pro specially we should next project we should take l like that. So. Oh the dog doesn't have a tail? Yeah, sure, yeah. I thought so. The dogs have a tail. Yeah. It'll still not extend, right? It's not up to that. It's a horse. Ah I think you can put that. I'll tell to get it off my Uh? Mm-hmm. Oh y it's not for that. No. Okay. Yeah. So what should I draw? Mm. He has already to do cat. So The cat is going to eat the fish or the rat? Ah it's a baby shark, it looks to me, you know it's going to eat the cat rather than the cat eating the fish, no? You should go for the next one it seems to me. Twenty four. Ah yeah, the sale man, four million. They have to sell at least four million to make a profit Ah we have to make we have to sell at least four million to make our own profit. Fifty mill Of course it should have a on off button. Yeah, s and it depends what application you are using it for. You might need uh We are targ targeting the television set. So, you need to record the channels. You need to browse the browse the channels in upward downward way, Uh And Uh, and Marketing. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Oh. I'm Matthew. You know. Matth s uh Anna. And um uh Matthew, yeah. I thi think you know me, yeah? right yeah. So. So And uh, you'd need the usual ones, like the changing the volume, changing the the channel and then you uh Today we have uh um teletext and all those things. Tomorrow you might have a some more functions which might come through that, so Yeah I_P_O_ or. Now we are looking for television things or I_P_. For example personal video recorder and all those stuffs are coming up. Yeah. Ah it's it's it's it's coming up, actually. The personal video recorder and all those things it is coming up. Let's Let's take Oh in that case you can you always hook up with uh someone who is providing that and you know, you you sell their product as well as your product with them, you know. Yeah. No, it's okay, yeah I understand. So we need some numbering buttons, some teletext things and then um Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay, we are alread mm. Mm. Yeah. L Yeah, sure. Stam. Okay.
So we uh we will wait for Anna, a few minutes. I think it should work like this. So I will try to get my presentation running. Mm. It's no matter. No problem. Ah yes. I don't know. Just try. On this normal Good. Doesn't appear on the screen here. Oh. Okay. Thank you. Uh. Yes and you can put can clip it uh on your Somewhere. So, good morning, everyone. Um Welcome at uh at the kick off meeting of our uh latest project. I hope you all have been uh updated about it. Good. So w we will try to structure this uh meeting with an a with an agenda uh as presented here. Um after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other. See what our roles are in this project. So, um We have been provided with uh some uh w technical tools to uh to communicate and to well, learn from each other's plans uh as I can say um so w we will also try to uh to get acquainted to this tools so they are also new to me I don't know whether you worked with them before. Um then we will come to the uh to the to the actual project plan. You all know I hope how it's about uh the uh new r remote control we are going going to design. Uh then we will uh discuss uh, well, how it should be and uh wh what uh what our new product should look lite like. And uh well then uh after some twenty five minutes I hope uh we can end this meeting. So. Um basically this is about a uh a new c remote control. Um We When you design a new product you of uh you of course want it to be original. Be uh we want to be distinguished, mm? People uh want to uh when they look at the shelf want to think, well that's the product I I need. So it needs to be trendy. I mean trendy is what people want, so then I w they will buy our product. But then, uh, it also should work uh user friendly and uh otherwise people uh uh well it will not be uh be rated very well in consumer uh articles and like that. So, the general outline of uh new project will be we first uh go through a functional design phase. Um You all get uh um certain task uh in this uh in this phase and uh then we will meet again and uh discuss this functional design. And the same holds for the uh ph two phases uh after this, the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design in which the the final project should get its definite shape. Alright, but first we will do some uh tool training. In all in front of you uh you see uh the uh notebooks and w uh n note blocks and we have here a a a a white-board. And um well it should work uh I've read it from my uh from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar. I didn't find out yet how it work, but maybe one of you did, so Um Yes. Do Do we have to say something about that? I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder uh. Yes well we will then find out ho how it works. Um. Well, this seems to me, yes, some computer program but I didn't find it yet. So, we'll come to that later. So, uh now we will try out the white-board we have here. So, I would suggest uh Well, yes, um we uh we should try to t to draw on it and then well it should be smart some way. I I'm not really sure how this works, but Yes, a good idea Mael. Okay. 'Kay. You you D doesn't it work? Maybe someo Maybe maybe Anna, maybe you can start. Then he can maybe find out to get his cord right. So um L Why don't you draw uh your favourite animal on on th on the white-board. Oh, I see uh Yeah. Yes. Mm. So draw it. We will try to guess what it is. Mm. It's like a cat, so I guess it's a cat. What is this now? So, that's the cat. Oh. It's a dog. So but that's also kind of cat, isn't it? B bo both predators. So, thank you. Uh d did you uh work out cord? Okay. Yes. Yes, yes this is Yes definitely a horse. Yes. Oh very good. So I suppose it Yes. Can you can meet them in Africa, I think. Yes. Very good. So Ma Matthew? So Maybe I hope you have some space in your uh the horse of uh Mael. This looks likes a cat who has been driven over. Yes, the moustache. That's that's definitely a cat. It's quite, you know relaxed situation. Yes. Yes, okay. Th thank you, Matthew. Yes, this is certain uh some contribution to our project. So. Let's see. Which animal has not been drawn yet. So you've all drawn land animals, so why not draw an animal from the water. Mm. Yes. So Oh, yes, why not? Good idea. Why not. A swordfish. I hope it still works. So W Well, this uh this tool seemed to work. Let's continue to uh to the real stuff. Um our project uh finance uh thing. Uh when we are and when w you are uh going to design w uh we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product uh will be about twenty five Euros, so when designing a project uh I also look at you uh Mael, keep in mind uh uh uh People uh want to get the feeling this is a twenty five Euro project uh pr um product. Yes. Okay. Um more interesting for our company of course, p uh profit aim, about fifty million Euro. So we have to sell uh quite a lot of this uh um things. Uh we will try to uh to get at a international market uh so um it will be I think mainly Europe and uh Northern America, maybe some uh Asian countries. Um also important for you all is um the the product uh production cost must be maximal uh twelve uh twelve Euro and fifty cents. Yes, of course. Uh um I mean we still have to uh to make a profit, huh? You all have to be paid. Excuse me? Yes, indeed. So uh well I think w when we are working on the international market, uh in principle it has enough customers uh so when we have a good product we uh we could uh meet this this aim, I think. So, that about finance. And uh now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control and uh well keep in mind this this first point, it has to be original, it has to be trendy, it has to be user friendly. Um, maybe someone can mention some additional uh prerequisites for a good remote control. Yes, well i it should have the the the the expected functionality uh of a remote control. We wer we were thinking television. Uh. Mm-hmm. Yes, yes. Th th that's very handy I I always miss it and on some remote controls that you can go channel up or down ins instead of retyping the number, especially when you have a lot of channels. Yes. Yes. A and I'm Nanne. So Yes. So. Um S S s Are there some other very important things to to do well, to specify in this first phase of of the project. So the browse function, as you m mentioned. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Mm, well uh I I think Uh w y you two should should, I think, think this over uh w espec what, what functionality. Mm-hmm. Mm mm mm. Keep k keep in mind i it's a it's a twenty five Euro unit, so uh uh the the very fancy stuff uh w we can leave that out, I think. So twenty five Euro you expect a quite, well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control. Yes, but but but ab about the spec the buttons, the buttons uh that will be on it. I I think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting. Uh I would like to get this wrapped up and go to an end of this meeting. So So you know now the basic the basic things. And well just just for the next meeting, um well, uh, you wor yes, work on a design, keep it general, I mean so w we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions. So Um you will be working on on technical function design, so And uh you and you and uh uh uh well, think about requirements, eh? Does it need internet, or or do do we stay at basic basic television uh interface. So, uh I think we should now all go work uh uh at this and uh you will be informed via email and other kind of communication. So next meeting will be in uh in thirty minutes uh. K keep it in mind.
";The meeting begins with the group trying to resolve some equipment issues and waiting for Anna's arrival. Then the project manager introduces the meeting by saying they have some technical tools with which to communicate so they will try to get acquainted with them first. He starts talking about the product they are to design, a remote control which should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. The general outline of the project will be the functional, conceptual, and detailed design. They do some tool training by trying out the whiteboard, and each person draws his/her favorite animal on it. The project manager proceeds to talk about the project finance, which is followed by a group discussion about what functions a good remote control has. This includes the basics such as on/off, channel up/down browsing, volume and record button(s). At this point they clarify their names and roles in the group and then resume talking about remote control functions. They discuss some functions such as a personal video recorder, but say it is probable that they cannot produce a fancy device given their budget. The project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what he/she will be working on. 
"Okay. Okay. Next.. What do you mean there? Okay. You can disconnect it there no? Then you can connect this one or this one yeah. All to your computer. Oh yeah. Okay. Hmm. Yeah. Well it would be f No you can't. Oh. Well, it depends you know like there is uh it's a very small vocabulary that you want to do the operations like you want to say on, off, one, two, twenty three, yeah. It's it's going to be li it's not going to be s so easy but u usually it's going to be more of an isolated case but it's but I don't know with twenty fi Okay it's uh decline. Okay. Okay. Now you can move I think yeah. It's a channel selection, a module, this and this function, go to the. Yeah. But is it uh can you just buy it on the market and f plug it in or you want to ma Well it to du it's just you had to change the frequencies. Yeah. But you should be careful, people are sometime becoming problem, like a guy has recently designed a remote uh uh uh which could switch off any other T_V_s, so basically through all the things. So maybe we should think of yeah. Yeah so you can just go on the street and then switch off everyone's T_V_ and you can just walk away You don't have to be near the T_V_ at all. Yeah so. Okay. So I can take I think mine now there. Okay so voila. Hmm I can take mine it's okay, voila, mm so mm. Okay. It's on the desktop. Technical function. Okay. Like so. Well. So um I'm going to talk a little bit about the technical function so wha what actually it's about what is the user going to do, I think my last presented what is going inside, so what's the user is going to see from the outside and how he is going to use it. So well the approach is that uh basically the idea is to send a message to the T_V_ set, as Mael has pointed, and it will be decoded by the T_V_ and usually we it is easier to have uh keys or buttons with which people can uh press and then um changing a button will basically uh change the message which is being sent to the T_V_ and uh um a and basically it sends an internal signal and decoded by the receiver. So p as um Anna has said that this ki people are interested in things which are you don't need to k press the keys, people are can have a speech recognition but this is uh s a question which will we have to see later. But in the present scenario is that you have certain keys and you press it like your mobile phone, and it sends a message to the T_V_. And um so generally mm I don't have some figures sorry but um so there are two kinds of uh remote if you popularly in the household, actually so you have a standard T_V_ remote where you have just a on, off button and play, uh volume change and uh keys for the number and more than one digit option. And if you see for example righ right now uh uh even the one uh on more than one digit option is for two digit channel which is like ninety nine, but tomorrow you might have one fifty channels you know to browse or two hundred channels to browse who knows, but uh uh. Then there is uh this is the standard one with without any fancy thing you know like i it doesn't have teletext option, it can without any, it's a very simple thing, um which which you can vouch. And then you have uh what's the v video remote file which is like usually it has almost all the keys over there and, but it then it has other options like stop uh and then you play the movie or uh or fo fast forward the movie or something like that so i it has those so these are the standard uh commonly found remote controls in the uh market. And then whi which is generally used by the people. And then well personal preferences I would uh basically think of having a kind of aim for the next generation thing where the we could have both the uh the f a T_V_ and the remote video remote control because uh some of the keys in the video's remote control and the T_V_ they could be integrated together so that uh we could um aim for the like in the f coming future um that type of uh applications with Yeah. Yeah. Um actually um you could you could think of um having s a y you can have a key which could tell y it could go to the video thing but um uh yo you you you still can't um in that case when it you use that the function should be able to take up the V_C_R_ option and you could play it or You can also think about having like um I in a few days you will be ha in in few ye coming years you might even have a system where you have a separate uh sitting setup box and uh you have uh um something like uh uh you do you do you suppose you are not able to watch some programme and actually it downloading all the time for you and uh you can just you know uh when you come back you could just switch on that thing and uh watch a program. In that case you want to browse faster, browse slow, you want to have those kind of functionalities. It's the next generation thing, but it is going to come in couple of years. It's goi Yeah it's Yeah. Yeah. So it's going to record your things and you and you you need basically the functionalities what you need in both uh uh video as well as in the standard T_V_ thing. No no we are not making a universal remote, we are just looking at uh giving a scenario, I have a T_V_ and tomorrow I am going to have set up box which is going to sit there and uh it's going to do that job for me. Yeah. So Okay so that p ends my presentation. Well. So we can always discuss about it for example uh the presently the video market actually uh this demand, video over-demand or what we call it as, it's presently booming up actually so it i like people are providing like uh things like uh uh movies, you can select actually so you want to watch a movie and uh your p your provider gives a list of movies, and then you select those list. And it basically you go off, it downloads the movie, it gives for you and then when you come you want to loo watch it on your T_V_. And thi this is going to come. Yeah it can be streamed online for you and you can say what time I want to watch the movie and Yeah so. Yeah. Yeah. Um. Yeah it's uh well you you can follow the ideas how you want to keep the keys, you know right now if you take it you have like zero, one, two, three like a keys separately, but suppose if you take the the present trend of mobile phones there are like big thick keys you press on the top, it takes one number, you press on the bottom it takes another number, and uh basically uh uh so the space covered so that you don't see two separate keys there actually so it it is like uh um i i it is like uh Yeah so. So for example uh Well uh Okay, it works. Fine. So, for example you have uh presently uh keys like one, two, three like this, actually, and uh uh four five six like that and uh you can have keys like this in form like uh keys like that Forty minutes? Yeah so you you you can have uh keys like uh which are which are like so. too sorry, so we basically don't change the uh original order of them but then the keys are more spacious, they don't look uh so there there is a very sligh thing, so if you press on the top it takes the one, it takes the three, uh four, sorry four here uh five and six, so the keys can be it looks you know not very much cluttered but it looks nice for you don't have too many keys but you can have a lot of options t if you press on the to Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well Well I it's fine with me like the price as long as it is uh not too expensive. Uh and it d uh Our provin Mm. Uh yeah, that's that's what we needed basically. Uh that's needed right now. And uh basically you can look to the standards of other Actu Yeah. Yeah you can also browse through all the standards you know, where are the limit of standards for all of them and you can just browse through them. Okay. Okay. Voila. Hmm. So. Well. Oh I don't have anything right now. We can we'll we'll go and we'll I'm sure we'll up something good for the Yeah so we meet in well what are our Okay. Cool. So see you later.
Yep. Perfect. So y you are the secretary also. Right? Okay. Perfectly yeah yeah of course uh-huh. You mean the social target group who we wants to target? Oh the customers, okay. It's it's easy to learn or how do you say it's Okay too much time to learn. Okay. Not enough Maybe y y you cannot put this webpage online on the Ah it's it okay it's a webpage on the C_ it's a file okay. O otherwise you yeah. You can connect this one. Yeah. So these are important numbers that Matthew and I need to take into account for our functional um Yeah Yeah these numbers have have to be have to be taken into account for the uh both yeah user interface and functional design. Because if there are many numbers and we need to select to to constraint uh our design based on what is more important. Speech recognition in Ah okay. So that we don't Do we not need any button on the remote control it would be all based on speech. Okay. Interesting idea. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And we don't know where the state of the art of speech recognition is, maybe you know? But it's quite noisy if there is the T_V_ uh shouting. Okay. So you had to to to summarise maybe the Mm. Mm-hmm. I thi You us yeah yeah. Okay perfect. ... Mm 'kay. Yeah. Mm I okay I stay I can move as far as Maybe I take your chair? I okay. So I think as everybody knows uh I'm the uh Industrial Designer. And uh in this presentation uh this group presentation um is gonna focus on the working design of the the remote control. Um I'd like first to give a quick a very simple introduction, how does it work, so that everybody knows even if you don't have a very uh technical background uh what is it because I think in the product it is important. So basically um the basic function of a remote control is to send uh messages to another system that is fixed. And so an energy source feeds an integrated circuit, the chip, that can compose messages, usually uh through a um infrared bit and uh the user interface controls the chip and accordingly the the messages, alright. So my method for um designing the yeah the work design uh yeah first the the main point is that I would wish to to make a really functional product. I would prefer to have very functional um capabilities rather than fancy stuff that in fact is not used and doesn't work. So for that yeah as it's important to take into account the user requirements from the Marketing uh Expert uh Anna and um w to to we should agree on what are the technical functions uh for this remote control and I show you the the working design. So um basically uh here is a really large view of what we want. Uh we want an on off button, it can be uh it's simple but it's it's important, and also uh the to both channels as well as other buttons that come after, right. So the components I quickly draw here, is that in this part you have the remote control the the sender and on the other part the receiver so that's my method is um will be to well my aim would be to uh design the and choose the chips and the infrared um components to build the remote control right. So of course we need energy sources and uh uh the receiver a a receiver. This is very quick uh design, uh you stop me or interrupt me if uh you don't agree on it on that. And um so what I have found and after a lot of work actually I I draw this I draw for you this uh schema that can be maybe too technical for you but is very important for me you know. And uh that's it so I won't go into details about that but uh these are my preferences to use uh that kind of components. So. So the the main components you see here are the cheapest I have found and yeah th you have always a compromise with uh reliability and uh i if it's expensive, but uh this one was not this one also really uh reliable um so yeah that's it for the working design, uh I hope you get clearer view on uh what what a remote control is uh in terms of uh technical components but maybe yeah No no no no we we will uh This is a preference but we can always change uh Yeah. Of course yeah. Yeah. We will use uh infrared protocol uh using yeah infrared and uh and of course we need to adapt to that protocol that already exists and but we what we can do is uh uh adapting the the chips inside uh to the best uh chips and uh infrared bubbles. Um. Okay. The frequencies? Yeah yeah. Of course yeah in the chip you have it yeah. That can control o other things. Yeah. Of course yeah we should take that into account in the uh Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yep. These are kind of next generation functionalities. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Or even you don't need to download it, it's streamed uh online uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Fourteen or for O okay. So Mm-hmm. Yeah. Because they are already used to that, you know, product. Yeah. Mm-hmm. ... Yes. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah we have yeah twelve point five Euros uh per uh per R_ s R_C_ and I think uh with this now you know that chips are very uh cheaps and uh we can include it in our control some new new features. Yeah. And um But yeah that's Ye I don't think L_C_D_ is not necessary well, th for long term. Yeah. Universal. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah because we have to take into account that we are gonna b we are gonna sell uh four aro around four million so when we speak about these numbers uh the price of a chip is uh price of a chip is very cheap. So I'm okay for designing um a ne uh less yeah a a kind of universal uh R_C_ yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's needed, yeah. And if we want to get the market, we really need that. Yes. Exactly. Is that okay for you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Oh that's that's fine then. Yeah. Okay perfect.
So I see all everybody's here, 'kay. And we can start meeting. The I will uh present here agenda with with with with slides to you. Um as you can see here. So first uh just to mention I will take notes uh of this meeting and uh I will try to work them out and give them to you. I've also made notes of the previous meeting and um I was about to send them you but then uh I had to go to this uh meeting so you will get them too uh Um. Yes. Indeed. Um. Then I hope you all have uh worked out some some uh some some presentations about uh about well you the the task given to you in the previous meeting. Um. W We will uh in a minute we will uh start with them. Um, we will see in which order we will handle them of. Um then I will uh bring in some some some new requirements I I got uh from the uh account manager, I try to work them out, they were quite abstract, and we can have maybe have com some discussion about it. Uh Um about the functions and Well in this meeting we should really try to reach a decision about the target group and the functionality of the Yes I mean well yes w who are we going to uh to well to sell this, the customers, indeed yes. Think that's that's important matter. Uh. So And then uh we will close this meeting uh and after this meeting we'll uh we'll have a lunch. Good. Um. Maybe um why uh Anna can you c do you have a presentations? You don't have presentation? Uh you want a table to to uh Yes yes maybe maybe you can uh can just talk about it or maybe you can use the whiteboard if necessary um. Mm-hmm. Mm. Do you Do you have this uh information on the web page you said? Yes, mayb maybe you can can send an email to me later uh. Uh about this. Mm. Mm. Yes yes, I have that too. Mm. Mm. They think that or do their doctor the doctor says? But it's it's the opinion of the uh of the users huh? So mm. You can maybe just just Hmm. Mm-hmm. D do you have numbers o o on that? Well it would it would be a solution for uh when your remote control is lost, I mean when it has speech recognition then uh i then it doesn't matter where it is, my well it's we should be in range, or maybe it can respond and produce sound, so say where it is. But the these are all quite fancy features I'm not sure whether we will we can make this for for twelve Euro fi and fifty cents. Mm. Yes, that that that that's mm. Do you have some more important facts or can we go to the next presentation? Mm. Mm-hmm. Decline with age, mm. Mm. Yes. We will talk about it later. Okay. Mm. Okay. um Uh maybe uh Mael c c can you give uh uh your presentation uh? Oh, this is Mm-hmm, y y you can move, uh. Yes. You can you can sa take my chair. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh-huh. Is huh overwhelming. No. And and why do you want these kind of component? I mean, are they cheap, or are they uh reliable? What were your Mm. Yes. It it it's more clear now I think. So Mm-hmm. What I w what I was thinking about uh the the the schema uh about uh the sender and the receiver, I mean can you can you get back to it? Yeah uh, the receiver is of course already in the television and we are not uh able to change it. So we we must adapt to the to the receiver. I I suppose there is a standard uh way of communicating to televisions uh. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Mm. Yeah yes I I I I I feel I I I think M Mael will will consider this uh th these things. Maybe Maybe we can go to to your presentation uh Matthew. I I I assume you were finished here. Uh okay. Oh. I Uh, sorry? I know where it is. It's uh Yes. It's uh Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm mm mm mm mm. Mm yes, but I think it's i i it's already there, I mean the hard disk uh recorders uh I I've seen them in the shop. W w w w we need to decide on on on on in how far we go to in this. Mean, you can go pretty far I f I think with with with functions and possible uh future p uh prospects yes. But it's good to keep in mind. Mm. Very well. Good. Um, so u um I have uh received some some some some well points of of thinking over of my account manager and uh I would like to share them with you. Um first thing is uh teletext is a well known feature of televisions but it's it's getting used less and less. That's that's especially because of the internet of course. So we should think about it um. Do we include it, and do we give it a prominent uh prominent uh place on on on the on well huh on the remote mot control itself. Uh as uh a in any case it's it's not used, well very much, but it's it is still used. Um further yes we must think, uh do we stay uh to to television only, the television as we as we all know it with with broadcasting signals and you can't go back uh huh, or do we uh uh go further as Matthew indicated by supporting uh uh recording uh devices? Uh indeed indeed. And and and the hard disk recorders. Um, furthermore, uh, w we need really need to interest uh y younger customers and then with younger customers I mean people uh below the age of forty, and our our current customers are mainly forty plus uh which well Forty. So that's to that's I mean there's a market but uh they will grow older older and you'll al always need to have the the future with younger people. Um therefore, younger people like trendy trendy designs, so that's w we should make our our our R_C_ as trendy as possible but it should also be uh have a reliable image, so when it looks too too spacey or too fancy people will think well does it work at all. Hmm. Ma Maybe Maybe you can draw it on the on the board uh Hmm. Yes yes mo Yes it's recognisable Mm mm. And and they are skilled uh by using it. Mael can you hand me over this uh? Uh thank you. Mm well I think fi five min Mm-hmm. Okay. 'Kay I I think now that the idea's clear. Uh we should now uh try to decide um on our target group. Of course they have already one. So our our our remote control has to be better. Mm-hmm. Mm. I well I think many people said uh in your in in your research uh uh uh the appearance of the uh R_C_ is is important when they are buying one but Indeed. So that will be about functionality Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So your you think we should go for a more u universal high-performance What do What do you think about What componen I don't know. I don't know whether that's necessary. Is the L_C_D_ screen I think thi this could be this could be a market because uh universal remote controls uh tend to be uh quite expensive. S so we can try to go in between, and offer a product which is not as expensive and not as complicated but but still but still people have the idea this is more functional than a normal uh uh R_C_ because it has more uh it it is in some kind universal. Mm yes but w we're targeting I think on more on the on the twenty to forty group. People yes. Who just have or already have a job and have the money but may not want to spend that much money on a on a universal universal control. Uh well I think uh when we think it over I thi I think we are trying to offer the a kind of universal control for for less money. So d Do you agree? Mm-hmm. You think it's possible for the twelve Euro fifty? Okay. Um so then we we decide on on on going to this more universal kind of control. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yes. Mm mm mm mm. So given we are going for this uh uh universal type uh m maybe it is good when you try to find out which components you therefore need and y you will try to get more specific uh user interface content and uh maybe you can look on on what trends are in this uh in this type of market. So anyone uh has a point to bring in or shall we no. Okay. W yes, we uh we can have lunch now. So um Then th th the next meeting will uh after lunch you have uh we have uh thirty minutes of work and then we have the next meeting. But you will be informed via the computer. Okay.
Mm-hmm. What's the agenda for this meeting? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. That's the big question yeah. No, I don't. I wasn't. No. I c I can talk about it but I have no slides or anything. Mm-hmm. Well I've just been um presented with some research we've done in a small focus group so, a hundred people, just asked them about their remote control usage habits and what they want in a remote control. Um. It's probably can't email this to you, I've just got a web page with some data on it. Um basically it's saying that users generally dislike the look and feel of their remote controls. Um seventy five u seventy five percent of users find most remote controls ugly. Um. Eighty percent of users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. Um. Current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. Uh seventy five percent of users said they zap a lot, so they use their remote control quite frequently while they're watching television. Uh. Fifty percent of users say that they only use ten percent of the buttons, so they've got a remote control with a lot of functionality but really most of the time they only use a small part of that. Um. I have an a web page yes. Yep. Yep, sure. Mm-hmm. So basically um there's a breakdown of how much they use the different functions on a rem remote control. Um, power and volume selection are only used a few times within this uh per hour. Um, channel selection is used a hundred and sixty eight times um and then there's things like channel settings, audio settings, which are only used very infrequently. Um. Teletext is used um fourteen times in the hour, so it is used but not nearly as much as the channel selection is used. Um. An interesting thing that this report has brought up is that um fifty fifty percent of users report that the remote control gets lost a lot of the time in the room, so some way of some way of locating the remote control would be very useful to a lot of users. Um. Thirty four percent said it takes too long to learn to use a remote control, they want something that's easier to use straight away, more intuitive perhaps. Um. Thirty four percent said it took too much time to learn to use a new one. Yep. Um. And thirty twenty six percent said remote controls are bad for R_S_I_. I don't know how we'd go about combating that. For R_S_I_? Respet Repetitive strain injury. So. But Mm. Yeah. That's what the report says yeah. Um and then it's got a demographic breakdown on Uh I should be able to actually, if I email it to you now. Oh no, yeah. Yeah. Um, s hang on. Well. Oh I need to muck around with this. It's probably easier if you put it on yours and then I'll just email it to you. It's just a web link. One thing it goes on to talk about, which is interesting, is the hang on a minute. Mm-hmm. Yep. Um, one thing is interesting is talking about um speech recognition in a remote control. And who would pay more for that and whether people would find it useful. Yes, I'll just get this up. Well potentially yeah, um I think even for interesti yeah I think that would not work so well. You wanna have both options. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Um Well This is now talking about um who would pay for speech recognition in a remote control, who would pay more for it, um. Ninety percent of the fifteen to twenty five year old market said that they would pay more, it goes down from there, seventy six percent for twenty five to thirty five, thirty five percent for thirty five to forty five, um twenty two percent for forty five to fifty five and then eight percent for fifty five to sixty five. Yeah. But we sh Yeah, it really depends where we're gonna be targeting this product, um, which we'll be talking about later I think. Did you get the email? Yep, that one. Just follow that link. It'll be in a different window, yep. That's left that one. Yep. Mm. So that's the figure that I was just talking about there, with the different demographics. Another thing it's talking about there is the L_C_D_ screen but there's no figures apparently on that. Sorry? Oh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well. You drew it a long time ago? Ninety one. Ah. That's handy. So if the b T_V_ in the next apartment's really loud, you can just turn it off. Yeah. I like that idea. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay. How would that work? So you've got say maybe a V_C_R_ and a T_V_ which are separate, so you on my one at home I've got a V_C_R_ remote which then changes the channel on the V_C_R_ and doesn't do anything on the T_V_, so is it gonna be like a switch on the remote that says t use the T_V_ or use the V_C_R_? or does it know which one you want to use? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. That's fair enough. Mm. But I don't think we're trying to make a universal remote here. That's, yeah. Mm. Mm. Because y Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yep. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm. So D_V_D_s and V_C_R_s? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. But I think taking the idea of getting inspiration from mobile phones is interesting, especially if we're going after a younger market, that's the the the mm the new and the funky things, that's, yeah, there's lot there's lots of pretty mobile phones, not too many pretty remote controls. That's Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. How much longer have we got for the meeting by the way? 'Cause we haven't talked about demographic at all and it's a very important issue. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Which I think is quite tricky. Um, basically we're trying to get people to buy a remote control wouldn't they already have a remote control with their television when they buy one? But it's not going to have more functionality, 'cause it's only a low market, it's a cheap-end remote control, we can't beat modern functionality, we might we'll be able to beat them on th the look of it, th the design of it but that's not a big seller, if they're not just going to buy a new remote control just 'cause it looks pretty, they have to actually need it as well. So I'm not sure how we can get people to buy this thing. Mm. Yeah. But why are they buying one in the first place? Mm. But if people are buying a new remote control for functionality they'll buy a universal remote. I've got friends who've got so many things they need a universal remote, otherwise they're using five different remotes for their all their things. In that case they wouldn't buy our product, because it doesn't give them what they need in terms of functionality. Well, we can't, with the price range. We We're not building a universal remote, we're not building a high end product. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. But yeah. If we're getting into universal remote territory, we're getting to L_C_D_ screens and things like that which would drive the cost up a lot. For universal remotes If you mm. And quite complicated to use, yes. Mm-hmm. Not as flexible maybe, yeah, but s yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But if we're going for the say fifteen to twenty five age group then not many of them would actually own T_V_s to use a remote control on. Okay. So they're yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. I don't know really what the the price range for remote controls is. Are we gonna be at the very bottom of the price range, or are we kind of middle to bottom? I don't know. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess what I'd like from a universal remote is maybe choosing between three devices, being able to switch between them, there may be stereo, V_C_R_ and T_V_. And just be able to s use them all from the same remote, but not at the same time. Mm. Mm-hmm yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
";The project manager opens the meeting and presents the agenda using slides. The marketing expert explains the research she read about, which is a study done on 100 people asking their remote usage habits and preferences. The Industrial Designer presents, explaining the basic function of a remote control and how it works. He says they should first agree on the technical functions before he creates working design and chooses the chips and infrared components to build it. The Interface Designer gives his presentation, talking about the remote's technical function of sending a message to the TV set that is decoded by the TV. Standard TV remotes have an on/off button, play, volume change, number keypad, and a 1 or 2 digit option. He suggests that in aiming for the next generation they should have a remote for the TV and video integrated together. The project manager recieves a message from account manager, which he shares with the group. They discuss and determine the target group as well as the possibility of making a universal remote for stereo, VCR, and TV. They close the meeting with the project manager telling each group member what they will do before the next meeting. 
"Right first time this time. Nu There we go. It's not that complicated, but I get it wrong every time. For Matthew, yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. I have a presentation, I'm just making this Okay I'll just email you this file, my presentation. Mm-hmm I'm just emailing it to you. Okay it should've gone through to you. Mm-hmm. Okay so this is just a presentation on uh the trends that we're gonna use to make the product stand out from the rest of the products out there at the moment. Um can I just put this on? So we have to work out a way what we can do with our product to make it stand out and make it so people wanna buy it. Um. This is to do this I will not remove my microphone. We basically used um some focus group surveys which I went through with you last time, the main results of that, and um some research on the current design um and fashion trends that are out there at the moment um, and as part of this The important aspects that came out were things that we've already discussed really. The most important by far was the look and feel of it. It needs to be something that's very different from everything else out there. It needs to stand out. It needs to be not functional like the rest of the things out there at the moment. Most people find remote controls boring at the moment, we need to have something that looks interesting, that looks exciting, that will stand out. People will wanna buy it. Um That was twice as i important as the next item on here which is that it has to be technologically innovative has to have something else, apart from just the look of it. People have to then think about it and say got something there that I want. That's a really cool feature, and it has to make them wanna buy it again. Third on the list, and again innovative was twice as important as this last um aspect, it has to be easy to use. So they have to be able to be able to look at it and have some intuitive idea of how to use it um. Drawing on the fashion trends at the moment, uh fruit and vegetables um. This is basically talking about just the the feel of it, so probably not the smell of it, but the bright colours, um eye-catching, really bold designs, and a spongy feel. Um I had a talk to the design people about this, but having a remote that's tactile, that feels different, that would be really cool. That would make it stand out. Um. Well ma make it not necessar sp spongy is the current thing. Spongy is the current texture, but basically there are no reports no remotes at the moment which are spongy or tactile at all, so if we make it like maybe furry or soft or something, that'll be something that sets it apart, rather than just bare plastic which they all are at the moment. So as far as the design goes, the very most important aspect was the design, to the customers. So going with the fruit and vegetable idea, we've got the bright colours, so makes it stand out, the oranges and the the bright yellows and the florescent colours, part of the fruit and vegetables um. Going back to the idea of taking inspiration from mobile phones, they've all got those a lot of them have the changeable covers, so they can choose what colour the outside is. That's one way of looking at it um. Textured feel we just talked about. Maybe it's another way of doing that. So if it's part of the the changeable covers then may maybe they can choose a different texture, a spongy one or a soft one or something like that. So they can choose it li as they want to to maybe to fit in with their decor in their living room, or just what they like, their sports team or whatever. Um and yeah, still taking the inspiration from the mobile phone design so functionality, the way the mobile phones work, the way the keypad looks. Also just the way that a lot of industrial design is going into mobile phones at the moment. They're big selling items. People put a lot of thought into that so we can leverage off that, and we can start using some of their ideas. Um back to technological in in innovation, not quite as important, but still a big issue. Um we talked about having a way of finding a remote control if it's been lost, uh that's one thing we could look at. There are other aspects like L_C_D_ screens and speech recognition which weren't I don't think, in my personal opinion, gonna be worth the extra expense and the extra effort that will go into them. I think we're better doing something basic like this which is very important and very will be a really cool feature to put in. And use. I had no real specific ideas for this, maybe we just, the basic idea of having your core functions big and at the top maybe, by themselves, and then yeah and then th th the finer details of buttons you don't use as much either hidden away or completely separate. Yep and that's the presentation. So does anyone have any comments or ideas on that? I think you Hmm. Well we're selling so many units of this. This is gonna be a mass marketed product, we can afford to have two or three different designs at least. Mm mm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. I like the idea though of having speech recognition for like the n the name of a channel like B_B_C_, rather than having to remember the the number of it on the keypad. That's a good idea. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah I really like that idea. Mm-hmm. Mm. Maybe ten channels, yeah at the most. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm b But a coffee machine, there's not too many words they'd be using with that it's a it's a small vocabulary. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Two thirty five supposed to finish. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. I think you can do it both ways. You can have it so it's easy they can pick it up and use it straight away without doing anythi without customizing it, or if they want to they have the option of using these extra features. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. I like the idea too of being able to use the remote in the dark, so either having the buttons so you can feel the difference between them or if they if they light up or something. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm just have a yeah Just the veneer on it, yeah. Hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Well maybe we need specific costings then. Actually do maybe two designs and then cost them out and see which one is gonna fit in our budget better. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Mm yeah sure. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. So is there any of these that you're looking at particularly or is this just ideas? Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm yeah. You see? Yeah. Mm well one I've had before, a r r remote control we have at home is one that's actually got a cover on the bottom so the bottom bit is just, covers half the keys most of the time, and then you can slide the cover back to get to the the more advanced keys. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Um yeah I've seen that before too. Anoth another like b it flips up and then you've got another layer of buttons underneath. Mm. But I've seen also with keys and buttons on the top of here as well. I like this one. I like the shape of this one. Can we have can we think about maybe having a a non-recta non non-rectangular one, so with not just the straight little box that's a maybe curved or something. Mm mm 'kay. Is this for the next meeting though? I think we might be out of time out of time for this meeting. Yep. No. So is this is there anything else I need to do from a marketing point of view for the next meeting? Mm. Okay well is this me designing a way to evaluate it so Thinking about how to set up test groups and things? Mm. Okay. Yep. Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Thanks guys.
Sorry. So Yeah I sent you the slides, you didn't see them? Okay.. So 'Kay. You can Yeah. Voila. Yeah. Yeah s then we could discuss later like we can put all ideas together. It should be easier with that. Yeah. So Yeah. Yeah so I'll I'll go with that actually so um Okay so m so then the the idea of uh having a remote is generally you have uh different keys and uh different structures, different forms, and uh they could be like buttons or like and um they could be of uh a varying sizes if you want to to uh basically emphasize a particular key more than the other, and uh maybe like you can have different colours for example having the r red for the on off switching on and off the button. So this this is the general trend to ha the method they do. So what I have found was that uh currently uh the they are mostly that the T_V_, V_C_R_, music system operated ones actually, and they are very specific to each other, but there are some common keys for example if you want to follow the V_C_R_ and if you want to follow the uh g uh s some uh soundtrack on the w w see they have the common thing actually you can have and uh There is also um a speech recognition to store channel information, names, like You can basically if you have a multiple functionality, say T_V_, V_C_R_ or something I say it to the T_V_ and the T_V_, and you can programme the keys if you want to, certain keys are even the channel information. Yeah yeah so you you you can just uh because uh as more and more channels come then you have more and more problems to remember the v v exact channel numbers ex exactly, even if you arrange it by however you arrange it, you still have the problem to remember exactly which channel you want to So it it it's like it limited one. In the present market I saw it that says something like they are looking for eighty word thing, eighty word, which shouldn't be th that difficult to implement, like eighty to hundred word. Basically you want you don't want to store all the channels in the remote control, you want to st store your favourite channel. Yeah some ten twelve channel information. You know you don't want to st store all the hundred channel information into that. And uh basically uh it depends like the remote with L_C_D_ display for browsing because you have multiple functionalities for example you are watching a movie, and uh uh you are having a universal remote control and you want to uh you don't know really which functionality is now, so I am using the T_V_ so every time I use it, it could be like, for example I can use a simple toggle switch, and a display, so I press it so the display says, okay, I'm in T_V_ or D_V_D_ or whatever it is, instead of having three keys separately for four keys, to model the functionalities will increase actually, and for you and you might want you don't want separate keys for all of them. You can't. And uh well there can be children friendly where you can programme your remote so that they they are not allowed uh to browse certain channels which you can block them, and you can operate them. So these are the things presently which are seen in the market scenarios at present. I personally would look at things like having a u universal remote, is uh um is a good idea, like instead of having unusual ones for all of them you can think of having, um with multiple functionality possibly with speech recognition. I got a mail from the the coffee machine interface unit that uh they have uh integrated the s speech recognition into a into the coffee machine, and so if you say hello coffee machine, it say hi Joe, or something like that, you know, and uh Yeah you you won't be using it, so it's a limited vocabulary mm thing, and very isolated word and it's uh it is interesting, and basically storing the channel through voice or other ways of programming your keys, on the display for the browsing which is again and maybe having something like a blinking thing, like uh it could indicate you're uh it it could indicate what is cal like the uh whether uh you you have enough battery in your in your uh remote, the blinking. At the same time, if it's a dark room, it can be used to locate the remote also or Yeah you can let them to do that. N no but the if you give it d depends on the easiness like the user how much effort he can put. Like for example uh I would like to store in certain way, so if you want to give the full freedom to the user or you want to keep some constraints and let the user use it with that constraint. So it de So So Yeah. Yeah. We well we can still look at we can talk with the coffee unit and you can uh check how much how much they yeah yeah yeah. Maybe we can come we we can talk to them, and we can come with that, you know. And also well you can think of having uh since you have a you know something maybe if you added little bit of display, you might need the to che keep checking the battery, so you really need a some kind of indicator, so it could be a blinking option of L_E_D_ it could actually be used to detect also. If it's in a dark room you can basically detect it also. So No actually i if i it is like you know it tells you um, it can be for two purposes, like if you have an L_C_D_ display and all those things it's not going to be the standard remote, which is having uh which need just uh six six volt uh th sorry three volts um of D_C_. It may need more actually, so y you you may need to check your battery usage it and then you need that, some functionality to indicate the battery limit. And then if the battery limit is indicated, if it could be ind indicated through a blinking something and it can change the colour depending on your uh how much is the battery, well that is good enough to even locate even if you want to. You know. Yeah so You you have time some more? Yep. Sure you can you know. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah mm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah so of course for example uh I wanted to know like if you want to have a a fo if you want to have the L_C_D_ display over there, or if you want to store a programmes with a keys What kind of things you'll need inside your thin inside W wh what W what Okay. Okay. Okay so in that case you can even look at the technology what the mobile phone is trying to use with the card. Yeah where they do all the wi with with them actually. How f cost effective it would be to put that car chip into it and do the programmable things. D well Well I don't know if it'll fit into our cost of twelve point five Euro you know. Is it possible to fit in to that? Sorry. Yeah that's uh that's something which I wanted to ask you also, like what will be the each individually the cost of it. For example if f if you want to put wood I wouldn't suggest for wood uh 'cause it's I think it's m much easier to use a plastic or a rubber rather than wood. It will be much ch much expensive th though it's the most natural thing, but Yeah. Yeah it's uh Yeah we we can give a preference to them, but it is but with plastic or the rubber or whatever it is it's much better with that rather than going for Yeah. Yeah. Yea Okay. Yeah sure. Yeah we will uh Yeah. Uh. Yeah.. Okay. We can give them smooth keys, you know. Smooth keys with bigger s uh So that you know The the problem most of the time we've seen, the keys is that it's small, and every time we have to be very but if i the if we if we go to a different ways of designing those keys, then you can merge them together to Oh you can actually, for example, if you see, they are they are they are quite small over here, and uh now you can, for example, as I was if you make them big, it may change the look of the thing also to the people. At the same time, it is m more uh like it would be more interesting for people who are having this R_S_I_ and all problem. Uh big keys may better for them actually and uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah so it's something like this, the model here s you can put the keys Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, mm. We should make a Yeah that yeah next meeting we should be Yeah that would depend upon us actually. Yeah okay. No no. I don't have. Maybe it would be interesting if you could look um for the cost inventories of other devices, if you're using speech recognition or something like that. Mm. Two. One for like cost and the one with like higher-end so that then we can be easily comparing them or you know find a compromise between both of them, yeah that's how it is. Yep. Okay. So we are done for now..
Okay so we are just waiting for Matthew. Mm 'kay. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think yeah the Matthew it is it's important that Matthew yeah is here because it's really a a team uh project with a team and if someone is not here then we cannot but it's okay it's good. Mm-hmm. So can you repeat and be more precise about what you just said? Uh about the feeling yeah uh yo Okay. Yeah. Yeah that's a very good idea, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah very clear. To let the people choose, you mean? Yeah. Yeah a range of uh yeah, a set of three, four different aspects. Sure that fits the Yeah. Yeah yeah I agree. Yeah. And your part is very related to mine because when you suggest something then it has to be integrated inside. Yeah.. Yeah. So what functionalities do you suggest for that? For facing this problem? Okay. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah yeah yeah mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And you want okay for coming back to one point y you want to let the user to programming the keys? Some of them? And uh isn't that too difficult for the we want w I don't know if we still want the um R_C_ to be easy to use, that's the compromise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A standard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm yeah like I would say that for programming uh keys, you said, uh it could be uh easily uh done within the the package of twel twelve Euros, but for the A_S_R_ system, uh I'm not sure if it's feasible to have this or We Exactly yeah i if if it's a low vocabulary it's already implemented, and w how much it's cost, maybe with a f cheap chip. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. It's true. Mm-hmm.. I don't know how if if I have time to talk about the Okay. So what I'm gonna present here is very uh um yeah basic knowledge about the all the the components that are inside a a R_C_ a remote control, and how is it manufactured h what is the process, just to explain you. So the method is ther there is a a set of components in a in a remote control like, and uh what cost the the components in themself do not cost a lot but the the way to assemble everything costs obviously, and I will uh show you my preferences uh uh at the end. So there are two uh different types of uh um Two different ways of using the the components for making a a remote control. Uh the basic way is to use a an integrated circuit and some uh transistors with an that aims at communicating uh uh the message and to to send the message to the um to the led that will uh transmit to the receiver. And uh yeah the other components and the circuit board buttons, infrared, led, etcetera, for the components um. So you finding, just to say that the chip can detect uh when a key is pressed, and then it translate to the key, to a sequence, something like morse code, as you know, uh with a different sequence for each key, and uh uh that's, with the components we will use, we will have different uh messages, different sequences, and the chips sends that signal signal to the transistor that amplify to make it stronger um. So electronic parts are assembled onto uh printed boards uh because it's easier to mass produce and assemble. And uh so I think for our design we want some b uh programmable uh you know V_ V_L_S_I_ or F_P_G_A_ uh high technology, and this is important, and also we'll use uh yeah like in any uh high-tech uh devices a chip of fi fibreglass to them and connect them. So my personal design we need to find a solution what um what is the material of the cover we want to use. If it's plastic or you said that yeah you had some ideas uh like fruit, veg or I dunno. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah like they do in with cars I think. Yeah inside the car yeah. So they also emailed me that uh they have available a bunch of different buttons, a scroll wheels, integrated push buttons s such as a computer mouse. And uh very cheap L_C_D_s, so liquid crystal displays, so I'm wondering, I think we might be able to integrate L_C_D_ into our R_C_. And the final point okay is um we have yeah there are some uh compromise to to do. So we have to know that the push button requires a simple chip, but the scroll wheel uh and that kind of higher high-tech stuff needs more money um which is a higher price range alright. And the display requires an advanced chip, which in turns is more expensive than the regular chip, but I think uh with twelve Euros um and if it's uh uh made for mm four million uh items, then I think w we could be able to handle that. So to to sum up um we need yeah so I I just said that the components uh the list of components uh has to be uh yeah listed and um and um assembly is a an important process that has to be taken into account. And uh for the designing of the cove uh uh cover layout then it's better to to to maybe see that with uh the the U_R_ exp U_R_I_ Expert so that we can it's really a team-working uh. So I I cannot design something without your agreement, right? Yes. Yeah it's kind of um simple pro progra programmable device, and we have to insert. I think we could insert one that could underlie several functions of Exactly yeah, for customizing and yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah good idea. Yeah. Exactly yeah that's a very good idea, we could have uh one main chip uh that could handle, uh it's called F_P_G_A_ chip, that could handle both uh like scrolling wheels as well as uh L_C_D_ and yeah. Yes. Yeah also thinking, I think both uh if we had a budget of twenty twenty uh Euros, it will be okay, but uh. Yeah that's an excellent idea. Yeah yeah. Yeah because right now I don't have price in in head but for next meeting I'm sure yeah be able to do that. Yeah. Okay. I agree on that. Yeah. Yeah but i it's a detailed uh yeah yeah uh plastic versus uh wood, and we need maybe to centre our description on uh the the really the what buttons what uh functionality we want to offer to the user, and maybe with uh graphs or I don't know uh User Interface Designer you could maybe uh help us on that. Yeah. Perfect yeah. Yeah. Yeah customized. Yeah. I agree yeah, and not too m too many keys of course yeah. Yeah. Mm. That's what you mean? Yeah I like also this one. Yeah, the point is w maybe we need to also to make a decision on how how how big we want to be and how many buttons like n we should dec decide numbers or Okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Perfect. Exactly. Yeah. Two or three prototypes? Two? Okay. Yeah and find maybe a compromise. Perfect yeah. Thanks.
Mm. Uh So I suggest we start the meeting uh without Matthew uh he's uh obviously late for some reason. Good. Um. Today uh we will uh talk about uh conceptual design. I hope uh you both did some uh some work uh concerning a uh conceptual design. Um this will be the uh agenda for the meeting uh. Uh I will take some minutes uh again. Um we will have the presentations of y of you different team members, and then try to come to decisions uh about the concepts uh you have presented. So and that uh will uh we have some uh forty minutes uh to complete this uh. So um who has the fir do you ha Anna do you have your presentation ready? Okay. Ah there is Matthew. So. Good. Do presentation ready? Oh okay. So did you manage uh Oh yes I see him, good yes. No. Okay mm yes I have it. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Spongy feel? Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yes well maybe Matthew can can give some more information on the Mm. Okay good, that's very clear. 'Kay. Um. Uh Maybe we yes well we maybe can decide later on um the l the the look and feel of uh I've it was a good idea maybe to to Yes the the the there are changeable covers, but on the other hand I I don't know whether my superiors would be so glad with it because you have to introduce a complete uh uh new l line of uh of supplies uh it would be uh very complicated uh organisational Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yes and of course it will be a we we get a if it works we can get uh after-sales I mean that would would be very good I mean those covers could go for for three, five Euro. That's a very good idea um And then uh maybe uh we can go a th Matthew's presentation because the Together indeed uh, because you ma might have some some information on the the easy to use, what you were already mentioning. Um yes but but I do maybe you can give a hand to us because I I'm not sure whether that that we can implement that for twelve Euro and fifty cents. I'm sorry to have Every time I have to come down on this price again to so this might be a little limiting for your creativity, but it's it's it's the real We have to consider it. S so do we think these ideas an and my uh sp speech recognition, I mean maybe it's possible for for twelve Euro but then then it will be at cost of other functionality we might implement like the uh uh the the the furry uh uh case of the Mm. Mm mm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. 'Kay good. Mm yes um I would Yes yes you can you can still. We have time. Nice. Mm-hmm. Well well m m maybe m maybe we can give the uh the uh the case a very uh uh normal a v very normal case but, with the changeable covers to fancy it up. So like a normal cheap plastic case which can be covered up in, for instance, a wooden case. I mean just what Mm-hmm. Mm. No of course. So So I f I think we we should come to some decisions now uh a about this. Um so I understand uh when we want a display we need a expensive chip, but when we want a scrolling wheel w we also need the expensive chip, so can we use same chip, so with one expensive chip we can uh implement several complicated uh or advanced features. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So when the more expensive chip you mentioned there is is possible in the in the given budget, uh maybe we should go for for the more expensive chip, so all features uh which you mentioned can be implemented based on the same chip. Do you think that's feasible? Uh You th you think it's possible. Hmm. Mm yes wh when you make a a design ca you can next meeting you can give an quite an exact cost price. That w that would be a very good idea. Mm. Good good. Yes but I can I think uh I think we can just use more cheap plastic for a kind of basic edition, and then people can fancy it up with with more expensive materials which which come with a with another price. Do do you agree? Ma I I think uh for next meeting we c you two can present a real design. Uh so drawing it on the board. And then we now sh only have to t to decide the general function uh. So um Let let's say next meeting w you produce two designs, one one one less advanced and one more advanced and with the cost price. Uh furthermore we go for the for the uh basic plastic case which can be later uh fancied up with uh with addit uh additional uh, how do you call them, these like like mobile telephones you can put a cover over it. But that that that that can be done later. We now can concentrate on the on the basic remote control. Um. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yes yes yes bi big keys is is good thing I think. No no. Mm mm mm. Mm w but then you have still have uh when you don't use it you have such a a an extent of your remote control which you don't use. So maybe it's possible uh, I don't know whether you can can indicate this, that you can elsewhere open your remote control and on the inside are uh buttons you don't use that much. Yes. Yes I I th that's what I mean so I mean something like like a book. Mm. Ju just make two designs, and the we we can decide decide between th those designs. I think that would be a good idea. So anyone uh any questions for now? Um yes I come to that uh uh Yes well m maybe uh, I don't know whether that's possible, maybe you can start evaluating uh their work somehow. I don't know whether that's possible uh in the given time but a as far as possible. So uh you two will be together w working on a o on two prototypes and further instructions will be uh will be sent to you by uh by email. Two. I Mm and then Hmm. Yes okay. Okay let's call this to an end.
";Then the project manager opens the meeting announcing that they will address conceptual design and then giving the agenda. Matthew arrives late and the marketing expert begins her presentation about trends. She emphasizes that the remote needs to be exciting, contain a cool feature, and be somewhat intuitive. She reports that currently fruits and vegetables are fashionable- thus bright eye-catching colors, bold designs, and a spongy feel is appropriate. She lists ideas such as changable covers, a locator, speech recognition, and LCD screens. The industrial specialist presents, talking about how a remote typically has different keys, structures and forms. He likes the idea of implenting speech recognition into a universal remote. They discuss without certainity about the cost of such functions. The industrial designer presents about remote control components and the manufacturing process, listing options such as various buttons, scroll wheels, integrated push buttons like those in a computer mouse, and LCDs.  They discuss the project budget and the possibility of using an expensive chip. They decide to make two designs, one more advanced than the other. The project manager closes the meeting by telling each group member what his/her tasks will be until the next meeting. 
"Okay. So. Matthew is uh late again. Probably an important man. Um. So well it is important for him to be here uh. He he he You did work together didn't you? Yes. Yes. Yes. Mm. Um yes but w we Yes, maybe we should phone him. Um well Um, when he is not here we will just we just have to continue. Um so just for record I I will take uh notes again. And um well first thing uh I was uh uh I got an email from uh from my superior again that we really should stay within the budget of the uh twelve Euro and fifty cents. It's uh well he said to me well uh when you stay in it's good, when you don't stay in you have to redesign. There is no uh no negotiation uh possible in this matter. So we have to consider that. Good. Um so maybe Anna, you can have your presentation. Okay Matthew. Nice uh you are here. Great. Great. Oh ma maybe then you can start now with mm presenting your uh your designs. Mm. Eye. Uh-huh. Yes. Ah, okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Exce except for the for the special shape, the surfing board, it has a quite a a conventional layout of buttons uh. Mm-hmm. Yeah no you can carry on, I just look how it feels all. Yes it really feels like like like a mobile phone. Just I'm I really want to talk to it. But. So but but continue with your uh mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. From D_V_D_ player to television or something. Yes. Mm. Yes and and and then you get feedback via the L_C_D_ yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah but but but but uh i in there uh when this is closed, will it also uh cover up the L_C_D_ screen? But but the L_C_D_ screen I mean is a very uh well an eye-attracting feature which shouldn't be shouldn't be That th that's true. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes, more robust. Yes okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. But w Mm 'kay. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well well Mm. Be before ta talking about the money and what's possible and what is not possible, maybe Anna you can uh give our uh give us your um Yes. Evalua evaluation and also the evaluation criteria, so what what is important to look at. Mm-hmm. Well just do it quickly if if we al already. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Um, n no why not why not discuss uh discuss it now, Mm, well my my personal view is uh w when when this one is eight Euros we must think how can we improve it. And then I mean w w w you must just see it we can still spend this four and a half Euro and to r because th th th the the selling price is already prite fik uh uh quite fixed on twenty five Euros so we just have to offer as much as as well value for the for the customer uh he can have for twenty five Euro. Mm. Um well w w we can still discuss that. So um, and together with evaluating this uh we we might come with new ideas I mean adding things or uh removing uh of options because they are too expensive, but um I've received uh a framework which we can do this. I mean did you have this this Excel sheet? No okay, this is these are the the the latest prices of our production uh uh production unit for several components, so we can uh see whether the the price is is within the twelve Euro uh fifty cents uh. So maybe we can start with this, uh, calling this one. Th th this is the first design. Yes. Uh there is another pen. Okay. 'Kay. Okay. So. Look and feel. Well you already feel that uh pretty much I think. In i in my opinion purely feel is is is very good, is very good in your hand, so I I I would consider two or or may maybe even one for feel. But that's just half, we should also consider look, and then i it looks quite conventional. Don't you agree? So maybe two. Hmm. Hmm. Ma ma ma ma maybe say say five I It's my opinion, but I don't know what what Four, four. Now we th th then we settle on four. 'Kay. Can you maybe fix the other Mm, try it, just try it. Oh it will not ri mm, mm. Yes, it it has a mm. Good. Good. Okay. So then then Ah. Mm. I I I When we want to include I I I'm doubting about this this component. It it it it breaks in your Mm, yes I see, mm okay. Well r r Mm. I think the look is better but the feel is is is worse. So so I would also say this is four. But w w do you what do you think? Mm. Mm. Yes. Yes, it basically is the same shape. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, okay. Two? Mm. Two's good yes. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. The only innova innovation is the shape. S so that Mm. Yes. A and the L_C_D_ screen is That's that's that's well it's quite innovative. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. We just diske discuss it as you designed it and then we will will try to get it in the budget. Eight. Yes. Two. Why it is one. A man w w Yes. This this is it w with the speech recognition? Well. Gi given that that it works, then it's I think one. Mm. Hmm. Three, I would. Three. No. Yeah. Yes but then when when he is used to it, i i it is quite easy. So so I think th three is good. Yeah. Good. What's the next? So Twe twenty to forty, yes that's Mm-hmm. Well exce except for the surfing shape. I mean that's that's something which which has an appeal on this group I think, but Mm w w w we after this we can can consider uh for instance, making this more attractive to to the demographic Mm. But as it is now, I w would say mm, six, something. Do you agree? Mm, yeah, indeed. Th t t Ju just think, twenty five Euros, I mean it's not going to be cheaper. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah tha tha tha tha tha that's I think it's better, because of the L_C_D_ screen which is really an appeal on the on the on the on the and on the Mm. So, the L_C_D_ screen uh attracts, yes. Because it Mm, ma maybe that's something to consider, yes, so. Wh what what No s say t two. Two? Okay, the final point, trends. Mm. Mm. I think Mm. Mm. And the then we can al yes. We can we can consider uh uh is it possible do you think, to to make a cover for s such a phone? I mean Well just with the with the flexible plastic uh I th I th I think O o or just two things which can be put on each other. Yes, exactly like it. Uh, so Maybe we can but we have to decide it, we can put the the the fancy f look of vegetables for instance, to to these covers and s now try to invest in the in in the features. Mm. Mm mm mm mm mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yes. So so so that that would make the trends equal, so we we we really have don't have, I mean Mm. Yes, indeed. Yes. Say, say one and two. One and two. So le le let's see. So d this one has spongy but buttons? Mm, I see, yes okay. Good. Just add it. You know. Three, six, seven. Mm-hmm. We we must try to get them closer. Both in i i or we just have to choose. And adapt. Because, when we choose for this one we have to we have to make it more attractive and w when we to d for this one we have to make it more cheap. Yes, well But I'm now did y did you work with the same prices that I have here? Mm. Mm, tha Well yes, well uh re reconsider it. So let's let's try to to model this this phone in this sheet, uh what kind of energy source uh I I we didn't speak about that. It's a it's a normal battery, or Yes. Just so one battery. 'Kay. Electronics. given speech recognition I think w you should go for the less fancy chip. Yeah, yes, or sample sensor, yes. Yes, this one. Okay. Case? Um, I see I Double curve. Mm. Oh yes, we are talking about, but they have the same shape, but, actually bu So th th this would be double curves? 'Kay. Uh, plastic would be the material. Uh special colour, now we leave it to the covers. Push. Mm, yes, but Yeah th now this is per per unit, this number of components. So, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, t Yes. Twelve I believe. So this comes to eighteen. So So I think but th do you agree th that thi Yes I Yes I'm I'm no I'm no I'm not sh sure. Yes I kno undes I understand what you mean, yes. Uh-huh. Both. Yes. Uh W d we have we haven't talk about a, but that's no a is very exp inexpensive I believe but it is not in the list. W ho h is this a scroll wheel or is this a a a sort of button which can be pressed on two sides uh so for higher and lower? Mm. Mm-hmm. So um We're We We could go for the for the for the for the for a simple chip, but then we can't have the the speech recognition, yes? Yes? So so w when we w a this would this would be cutting the speech recognition. Transti Say say it's regular, regular chip, and we still on fifteen, so Yes but that maybe Well we can just say one. Ca l we are just when we just want to uh to cut the number of buttons we have to make seven to to fit in in twelve twelve fifty. So is it possible? Mm-hmm. No no, he he he I I Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Otherwise y you ha you have a s ve very normal uh thing like this. Mm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. A Mm Mm. I I think we have to come to a decision now, just I I think we we what we just do i is vote about the uh the L_C_D_ uh display so Yes. Yes. Yes. One man one vote. S so who thinks the the L_C_D_ disply display should be i should be in it? Mm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, I know, but Yes. So uh uh having an L_C_D_ s display is just uh uh have very very limited amount of buttons. Is that acceptable? Ca can I have can the functions be implement in an You've you you agree. So hav hav having seven buttons, instead of twelve. So that wou would be cutting cutting suh say about these buttons. Mm. Mm. So um I I think we should we should cut the L_C_D_ screen. That that's that's my opinion. Just Uh where, L_C_ Okay w we now we can just uh Yes. Yes. I th I th I think w we just go for this one and that that now twelve Euros is the is is the price, okay. My m my supervisor will be glad that it's fifty cents cheaper than he expected. Okay. Okay, good. Then we the same. Thank you. That was it.
I guess I have to change the pen otherwise. Will be completely different. Yeah. And do you think it's. Yeah. Yeah. So what can you? Yeah we will yeah, so I will be able to to summarize uh our meeting, but still I think uh it would be in very important if the uh as um main designer. I think we can put on the here. Uh basically w yeah we we designed the two uh items. Um, can we have a phone, can someone it's really w well designed. Yeah. 'Kay. Yep. Great. Yep. So I will start by the the basic one that uh fits into uh eight Euros actually, right, seven eight Euros, and uh well first for both they have um a special shape, maybe the designer can uh explain better than me, but uh it's like a surf board. And you you are supposed to surf to browse to surf T_V_, maybe the web, and uh it's kind of interesting shape because um unconsciously people want to s to surf when they see this stuff. And also it's not too far from um a mobile. So people are used to that kind of shape, right. Don't take care too much about the colour because w yeah we don't take yeah. So here would be basically the the the infrared uh uh led yeah L_A_ L_A_ L_E_D_, the on-off button, in red. Here would be the volume. On the on the left, okay, so easy to turn on t and off. And um so this is a very cheap version so there are maybe you can carry on uh Matthew. How can you change from V_C_R_ to uh T_V_, by the way? Okay yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Seven, eight, ei eight Euros. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah actually, yeah. Play, pause. Exactly yeah. To audio and to video on demand. Yes. This is the orange button, the microphone. An yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy dis designer, okay. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Oh actually well. It's low weight. You have to see yeah yeah the the components we put inside is very low weight. So the the cost is actually a bit more, it's uh it's it's sixteen Francs. Sixteen Euros sorry. Then it's out of budget. But the the main point we we talk about that with our uh manufacturer. And they say basically that the S_R_ system would be uh something like three Francs per item so three Euros sorry. And um No no no, part of that, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Well I think th th yeah we should stick with uh a number of keys because if we add too much then it's too Locati. Location. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Functionality. Easy to use. target. No. Yeah. Yeah. Four maybe. Uh. Yeah. If you press like this not like this then you But Okay. Try a Perfect. Yeah, yeah. Yep. Wow. 'Kay maybe It's not a button it's a led, it's a Ac actually yeah it should be embedded. Yeah. Oh you can push push it again, you can push it. Yeah. And the L_C_D_ makes it better. Yeah. So I will say two. I would say two, three. Yep. Basically there is no innovation in the first one compared to what exists in the market, right? Yeah. The surf uh design. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Yeah. And the And the second one is really uh state of the art, uh in terms of innovation. And um with many more functionalities, and can open and close the the bottom part. Yeah. And all the scrolling uh buttons and menu and pro programmable device behind this. Uh could put it at one or two I would say. Personally. Uh Yeah automatic speech recognition. Yeah. So Eight. Well actually we have yeah to check again yeah. Sixteen. W W un to be one what would do we nee actually, yeah, I don't see okay, one would would be without buttons,. Bu Yeah. So maybe we can put one. It's using speech recognition, yeah. Yeah, one, yeah. So the first one is really standard, so everybody i including our grandmothers can use it, right? Yeah. Um, the other one is quite easy, tho though. One me um we hope maybe sometimes people get uh scared with the number of buttons. And there is a like I would say three. Or maybe four. Yeah, yeah because it's n uh it's not like a big one with uh one hundred buttons or so, This one would be uh for grandmothers. No. Yeah, grandmothers, yeah. Yeah that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah because it's so important it's i it was written that it really so important, the um the the look and uh taking care of its it targets, the right range of people, right? Yeah. But w Yeah. But for us it's yeah we have a constraint that we need to sell at twenty five Euros. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And if you want to target yeah if we we wish to to sell four millions of this, I think for this audience we need absolutely the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Or even Even one and two. Or two. Yeah. Two yeah. Yeah. Spongy, uh, that means that it goes in in the water. Uh okay. But this one includes this feature, right? Spongy buttons. So Uh the maybe in the colour we can make it uh fruit and and veggie. Yeah. Yeah. This is possible. Yeah exactly like Nokia phones. Yeah. 'Cause sometimes look at this computer, th this laptop, it's all black, and uh it's quite conventional, and sometimes people don't like too much flashy colours like this one presented here. So maybe we could do like in the range the set of what we propose a black one, very standard one, that meets the the requirements of th such people that want really standard uh things. Yeah. Yeah, so a a point better for the for the number two. Okay. Yeah, the blue one uh spongy. Nine. Very good. Yeah, it's right, yeah that's right. So I I give yeah I just give a call with the manufacturer uh and uh I explained them and they told me this could be possible for sixteen Fr Euros. Uh unfortunately we didn't see this chip, uh Matthew, so maybe we have to recap with this one. For this one it's a normal battery. Uh sample speaker, yeah. Sample, yeah, this one. So So which one are we talking to? Well Yeah. Is it zero Franc? L_C_D_ is. It's okay. Just say L_C_D_. No but for this one it's twelve Euro. There are twelve? Wait a minute, it's not it's not double curved, it's single curved, right? Because it's there is no like. Well it's you know this curve like this so, it's w there is only is is is there is nothing like y you know in the other stuff there are yeah concave. So I think we can put um the single curved in the sixteen. That makes uh seventeen. And what are just The bt buttons, we have twelve buttons, are you sure? Yeah. So I had a bad uh bad estimation. No no no. Yes, a kind of scroll wheel. Okay, so based on that, yeah, um where is the es okay sample speaker But still, yeah it No we cannot, yeah. So But the um Yeah but if you have the near the L_C_D_ you can um choose select between um you know like uni universal between audio, T_V_ and V_C_R_, and this needs a needs a advanced chip. Right, Matthew? Or regular chip? I think yeah regular, today we you can do that with regular chip. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So. And what about the number of buttons buttons uh my Matthew? When you look at this w, this u uh item, But You cannot make a phone to your boss saying twelve fifty is really really low, no? And uh we don't want to to change that right? We we really want a L_C_D_ other otherwise we w wouldn not get the market. It's evident. Yeah. And I dunno So wha what what each of us think about the because it's measure point the L_C_D_, um Do you think it's important? Because sometimes whe when you watch the T_V_ in fact, you have a big display and maybe you don't need one more in your hands? I dunno, I'm just asking. Yeah, it's true yeah. But uh, do we want that? On the market point of view, yeah. What do you think uh, L_C_D_ is a major feature, or? You assume, you want a democratic voyt vote, right? Okay. Okay. We need to be. Yeah.. Yes. Because one yeah th show me that uh actually we could in fact we move these three buttons and have three uh possibilities for each of the three here. Here one, at the middle, and at the bottom. Okay,. Okay. The speech recognition is out. Because of the budget, yeah. Yes. Yeah. Actually yeah, we we we will not need the really uh expert designers um because the amount, yeah. Thanks.
Or browse. Mm. Now we are supposed to give some oper offers right now. I yeah. L_E_D_. Mm-hmm, hmm. Also so you have uh uh browsing the channels, actually so you can go up and down the channels, uh, if you have a video or something you can forward, back. Oh no no no, this is a single this this is a model with just the T_V_ one. No no just sorry, this is a standard T_V_ one, we are not talking about that. So and then we have usually there twelve keys but we know that we rel that we have only ten digits. The extra two are for uh having or giving an option for uh having more than one channel. And the other one is for the teletext or something you want to browse through from that. Actually. It's a very basic minimal thing which you can which is which is also available in the market, actually that's what it that it i and would cost us to build it about eight Euros. Yeah. Yeah. So this one model and uh yeah. Sure. Th this is a magic one but I know we don't want to talk about that, you know like uh i i i it is a very futuristic, it's like uh it's like a brain machine interface and all this stuff we are thinking about in the future, it can come. So that uh then what we look t yeah. This is a model, yeah. Yep. Uh so well then the this is the a more a little uh smooth and it gives a lot of functionality, uh in this way, so all we have uh th you see there are only six keys, but don't worry they are ma they are doing the job of twelve keys actually here. And so they have more space actually and uh it's easy to uh use this and uh you have um so this is a standard uh uh infrared eye, and then you have a power button, which l volume, what you have, and then other than that you have uh channel up and down and uh f slow pause or s slow lo yeah s pause or stop, and uh then uh you can uh you have a L_C_D_ display, here and uh y this is a functional thing which can change like it's a toggle switch which could change the function say, y you press it Yeah. I really can change it, so Instead of having many switches, y The L_C_D_ can display what is that on that, and uh well you can have a integrated microphone over here, or in the button th here, so which can uh basically you want to do a speech recognition and uh that channel a lot of information can be di displayed here directly on the um on your on your display. And here is a small L_E_D_ which is like blinking one, which tells you like uh are you running out of the battery, and which is can be useful for the locating as I was talking earlier okay. And uh well then we have a cover basically, basically you don't need much of the time this, when you need you can use it, and this gives additional functionality that tomorrow you want you can add a tactile thing to this cover you know. Design enter. Yeah. Yeah. It's basically to do that. Actually when you are watching the T_V_, when you are watching anything or listening to them, you hardly care about what is getting displayed here, you know, uh you want to uh and this gives a protection to the L_C_D_ actually, giving a cover to that actually. Gives a protection because when it falls down or something it it is it is is is it gives a protec it's more robust that way. Uh yeah. And you have very good chances Yeah. Yeah. It Sixteen Euros. Yeah. Three Euros. Part of that. Yeah. Well uh if you we can have if you have new more ideas we can add new more uh some more keys if you want to you know Yeah it it should not be cluttering up everything. Ah that's for the it's kind of a L_E_D_ for indicating your battery and as well as it's like a blinking one you know you can keep it aside. Yeah. And now it easy to use. No. Mm yeah. Well I will give it maybe we have anyways the way we have designed it's like the surf as you say you know. It though the look is fine but uh still I will give four in that case you know. Four yeah that Yeah. I will gi yeah. No. C can you get the batteries? No no the battery has fallen down, that's i Yeah. No no it's not that, it's how to close a battery. Okay? Now it should be. Is there another battery there? Oh yeah. No actually this is this is not going to protrude actually, it it's n i it is jus It's a led actually which which 'll be covering in a curve It's will be embedded there so it won't be really you know protruding or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No you it it not protruding actually, it will go in better into that Uh it's fine I think. My just that um the feel is that um you right now you you don't see the feel because right uh for example if you press it quite inside now like this, now it's embedded one. This is how embedded one will Yeah. It's a bas basically the same thing actually. You will be Except that in this c Yeah. And you might have a slight thing for to forward and Yeah, yeah. Yeah. looking like No but except for the design of the surf. You should be rea Uh no I think it's more of the feel. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Say about that. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, it gives it Yep. No, we ha Yeah, eight Euros yeah. Sixteen Euros. It's a two, I would say two. Yeah. Okay yeah. Uh He is used to it act They are used to it actually. Here there may Uh, though it has more functionality I think it shouldn't be for the user to learn it actually. It shouldn't be diffi Uh yeah, actually in fact I think it will be Yeah Yeah but y Well we have reduced the keys actually you see. Three is fine with me. Yeah it's a actually the user has to put some effort to do use that actually, it's not so easy, like this one the normal. Is quite easy yeah. Initially there there is a lot of effort, yeah. Mm. Oh no, this would I I would I would give this model to the old people actually. Yeah. And Oh yeah,. I Well I think Yeah. Uh yeah but but if you sell it in the market it's going to be cheap, actually. So And people can still decide to use the cheaper one instead of a Okay. Okay. So in that case well it's fine then. We can yeah. And the demographics of Yeah I think it's uh it has more market actually. Y yeah, you know two. Yeah two yeah. Because tomorrow this will be more appealing because you can add lot of sophistication on that. Because then you you have it uh d you have lot of things which you can include for the people to We have to practically test it. The field test will tell you how good. The trends. Mm-hmm. Yeah I know. Yeah. We we we we we yeah, it's the way they are going to be, actually. But why do you want to cover that actually? In that uh w in the mod Uh uh y are you sure? Yeah I think yeah it should be possible like what we do with the mobile phone, yeah. Yep. Yeah, it's one. Yeah, it says a One point six, one point One point eight yeah. Four point Uh four point two. Wow. Yeah. Yep. Maybe we ought to reconsider everything with this, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it migh It it'll need uh more than a conventional one, it won't be uh just maybe you might use a A_A_ battery actually. What do you say, Mael? Yeah. Curved. Double curved yeah right. It's uh Are you talking about this or that? Mm-hmm. Yeah. A special colour? Uh Ah good. Yeah, we might need a scroll wheel, right, for that? No, for that one also. Yeah that's a scroll. Yeah, one scroll wheel you might need. Uh Bad estimate, right? That is the sample sensor and sample speaker. We just need that actually. We need one. S Oh I i it I think it's going to be y y yeah it's th with the regular chip, yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. That'll be then we have uh have to ask the user to press it several times. Uh Or we could even replace them by buttons actually. A actually it depends, it depends what kind of functionalities you want to add into it, for example if you add two more functionalities then better you add two more buttons, or and you'll have L_C_D_ display which is that is going to bring the cost by two two Euros at least. Okay so we can get rid of it and then add a couple of buttons. I think but Yeah but the only thing is that what is the multiple functionalities you want to include with that. Yeah. W I I I just Yeah. That will create another problem. For the people to use it. It's not going to be easy. Doing that. No, it's okay, you uh cut the L_C_D_ screen and introduce two more buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's it. Cool.
Did you get my email with the slides? Ah. Tricky. Dunno. Maybe they're supposed the pen's supposed to go over the seats. Might be seat floor rather than person. Yeah, put it back. Yep. Yeah. Jo's making faces at me. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm, object tracking. Okay. Well we can't no we can't do evaluation 'til we have a design. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay so it's it's t a very basic remote then, it's only Mm. Mm. Can I see? Thanks. Okay I like the volume control, that's good. Uh-huh. So it doesn't actually have buttons. Did you wanna see? Mm. It won't talk back. Right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So it's well outside the budget then. That's on top of the sixteen, or is it part of that? So that takes it down to thirteen Euros without the speech recognition. Mm-hmm. Mm. What's this one on the side? Ah okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. I like the shape of them, I do like the the size and the the shape. Mm-hmm. Okay. And maybe we run the evaluation on both of the products, both of these two. Okay. Basically this is what we've talked about already, um, from the marketing point of view. We just wanna make sure that we've taken into account Yep. So it's just a shortlist of criteria on um the things that we've identified as being important to selling the product. Um we just go through these and rate them as a group and then at the end we'll make an evaluation based on that, so just average the score of those items, so These are the things we identified as being important. Um the three things were look and feel, innovation and ease of use, were the three important components um appealing to the correct demographic so using those things in the right way to appeal to our demographic. And then goin following the company motto, following the fashion trends and putting that into the product as well. So well do you wanna go through and put through those on the the two products now or do we wanna discuss them further and then evaluate them? Okay. So f just go through onto the whiteboard I guess. Not sure how this is gonna come out. So the first one was really very far below budget, would you want to take the price down of the end product according to that or just have the high profit on it? 'Cause if we're only going to make it for eight Euros then we have a Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay so look and feel, innovation Mm-hmm. And trends. Oh, you following the idea of using the um removable covers on these? Is that part of both of them or? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Yep. So it's the pink. And the other one's green. Okay, so look and feel? Where um one is I've broken the pen again. S yeah. Get that one. Um w one's bad and seven's the best. Sorry, one's true and seven's false. One's the best. So on a scale of one to seven? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. On the scale u it's between functional and fancy basically we're looking at, so Mm-hmm. Four? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. No that's the ink's dried. Battery's low, isn't it the ink? The b that's the that that one? battery there. Mm. No I think it's lost a battery. No it's It would still write but it wouldn't pick it up with the sensors. You got a second? Well we won't be able to tell. Is that working? Did it come out? Good. Okay. Because we'll be able to see it still even if it wasn't working, it's just a normal whiteboard marker but it wouldn't be picked up on the the actual whiteboard. And the other one? I think it's slightly better, um, it's hard to tell from just the plasticine, but Mm. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. The other thing is, is the left hand one protruding? 'Cause if people are left handed they want to use the other hand, maybe it won't work so well. Okay. I'd say two or three for that one, personally. Probably more towards three than two. Okay. Mm, okay. Yeah it's d it's definitely more fancier than that one. Okay. So, consensus? Two or three? Two? Um, 'kay. Innovation. The first one, not really muc Mm. Yeah. Do we Mm. What What features are we actually including? Are we including like a location kind of thing like trying to find it? There's nothing like that? But th is there any there's no actual innovation in that at all, it's just a straight-out remote control. Okay. Okay. So there's no this uh look and feel thing, though that's not a technological innovation. So I'd be up for seven for innovation. Okay. So what is it, what are the innovations with this? Got the L_C_D_ screen. Is that in this one though? Is this 'cause this is the Th th there were different options we discussed then, we discussed the one that was in budget and the one that was out of budget. Okay. So the cost for these were what was the cost for the first one? Eight Euros? And this one was sixteen Euros. Okay. So. Innovation for this one is two? One? Two? Mm. Well the speech recognition is a very good innovation I believe it, so Give it a one? Yep. Okay. Ease of use? Mm. Yeah. Yep. So that's maybe a a two for ease of use. Okay. So maybe a three or a four. Mm. Okay. Consensus? Three or four? Three? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. So three's uh how well it goes to the target demographic. So we're d we're still thinking twenty to forty year olds? That's Mm. So sh completely changed our demographic there, it's not part of the the funky young thing. Yeah. If it was the very bottom price range or it was like between this and another one we did the same thing then I can imagine it being applying to the the demographic yeah. That's it's still Ye Mm. 'Cause we have got room, we've got some budget there to add a few things to it, that's right. Mm-hmm. And Mm. But it's going to be cheap whatever though, it was set with i we've got a set price. Yeah. There's nothing that would make me spend an extra k few Euros on that one rather than another one. Okay. Um and the demokraphi demographic of the second one? It's got the got the the toys in it, it's got the L_C_D_ screen and Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. I think especially if we're gonna n have an L_C_D_ screen on a low range product then that's good. Mm. Okay. I'd probably go with three again for that one. Mm-hmm. Okay. So, two, yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. And especially I guess 'cause this has the speech recognition as well, and that makes it more appealing, it's more of a a new fun toy. Mm-hmm. Okay. And following the trends. So the trends were the fruit and vegetables and the spongy feel. So as it is, not really doing either of them. Well, the spongy could be part of the the feel of the buttons as well, I know some have you tried the mobile phones that have got the kinda spongy buttons and not not exactly spongy but I'm thinking one of the Nokias that's got like you ca it hasn't got individual buttons it's got just a one bit on it and so you can that feels kinda spongy. So it's sort of, yeah. Mm. Okay. But that's if you're using the covers. Or is it just one Well they make it for mobiles, it can't be that much more complicated. So you got the option of having different colours or different textures. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. I think the if we do the cover that's really going with the company's philosophy of having the fashion in in electronics, it lets people have the latest fashion even next year when fruit and vegetables might be out, you'll still be able to put a new cover on it and then it'll still be in fashion. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yep. Yep. Mm. And then you have the option of having the different colours, different covers. Mm. There's n yeah. 'Cause that's the that's the feature that could be included in either of them. Although it is more with the spongy buttons on the um on the other one. Okay. So. Two and three, or one and two? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay so the average of that is three six nine divided by five, so five mm nine by five, one point s eight? This one, eleven thirteen nineteen twenty one, divided by five is four point two yep. Okay. But we still got a very different price for those two so they're not really comparable yet anyway. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. Well it's easier to just make that one cheaper by just taking the speech recognition out. That'll basically take us down to the budget. Mm. Yeah, it's gonna be more than just the biggest case, definitely. Either of them. Mm. They're both going to be not basic cases. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The basic one, yep. So now we're either going button or L_C_D_s, L_C_D_ display. Is that price per unit, or for the whole thing? So it would need twelve buttons. Mm. And that's without any special button supplements. So we'd have a special colour, special form and special material on all of them. They're not just standard buttons. But I thought it would be curved on two it's like it's curved on the sides and curved on the top and bottom as well, that's what I thought. You talking about concave curves? You think a single curved? Mm. We have more, we've got those the scroll wheel on the side and yeah The sc Mm. We've got a scroll wheel for the volume don't we, or is it some other thing that's not on there. 'Kay we've only got five minutes left guys so we need to wrap it up pretty fast. So this is even more than the um than the cost you gave, the sixteen Euros. But that's seven basic buttons right, seven buttons without any adds-on, without special colours or form or material. Well So the L_C_D_ display is is three Francs, sorry three Euros, by itself. Mm. So twelve Euro fifty, we got two off of the battery, we can't do anything about that, so ten fifty, if we want an L_C_D_ dispra display, that's seven fifty um, so we've got seven fifty to use for the case and for the buttons. And the chip. Sorry the chip's up there already. So we're gonna have to scale this down to get within budget, there's no doubt about that. Mm. Yep. Mm. Yeah. I think, unless we can really drive these prices down we need to get rid of the L_C_D_ display. For the price, it's gonna be what we can afford, and it's looking like we can't afford the L_C_D_ display, there's no way we can get it in there. Mm. Mm-hmm. I th I'd like t it to be in but I can't see it happening. I can't see it fitting in. Bu y you're a power voter uh veto anyway as Project Manager. well we have to make a decision now, that's it. Mm. I think then we we're really losing ease of use. Okay. Okay. So L_C_D_'s out, is speech rec out now? We've Yep. Yep. So are we basically back to the original one now, back to the first version? Which turns out to be on budget exactly, pretty much. With these new costings. So just look at forget that one and look at that one now. Mm. Yep. Okay. Well that's that's Yep. So. Mm. Yep. So w we can go back and l talk to the suppliers maybe and see if we can drive the prices down to add a few more things in but that's all we can do with the restrictions we have at the moment. Mm-hmm. Okay.
";As the meeting opens the project manager tells the group that they must stay within the budget of twelve Euro and fifty cents or will have to redesign. After Matthew arrives the designers begin presenting the two prototypes, beginning with the basic conventional one which is shaped like a surfboard and costs 7 or 8 Euros to produce. It contains an on-off button, volume switch, up/down channel function, 10 digits, and two extra buttons for teletext and an additional function. The next control is futuristic because feels like a mobile phone, has 6 keys, and is smooth. It also has a power button, channel up/down, slow pause/slow stop, LCD screen, toggle switch that changes it from audio to video, and microphone. It would cost 16 Euros to produce, which is out of the budget. The marketing expert gives the product evaluation and they rate them on look and feel, innovation, ease of use, appeal to the correct demographic, and adherence to the company motto and fashion trends. They discuss the energy source, shape, chip type, LCD and speech recognition, and additional buttons. After choosing features their remote costs 12 Euros to produce. They close the meeting by thanking one another. 
"Hmm. Mm mm mm. Is recorded? Okay? Okay so welcome everyone. So we are here for the kickoff meeting of uh the process of designing a new remote control. So I will first start with a warm welcome opening stuff, then uh we will uh see what will be uh our product and what will be the different step we will have to design it. And uh then we will uh discuss if we have few ideas and we will uh end uh by uh dispatching the different task you will be you will have to fulfil to complete this process. So sorry? You have another meeting soon? So you have to be quick. Okay. So the the goal is to have a remote control so to have an advantage over our competitors we have to be original, we have to be trendy and we have to also try to be user-friendly. So uh the design step will be divided in three uh main points. First it will be the functional design. Third is the conceptual design and then is the desired design. So the functional design is to identify the main user needs, the technical function the remote control should fulfil. And then we will move to f conceptual design where we'll specify the different component involved, what kind of user interf interface we want and what are the different uh trend in user interface and stuff like that. And then the desired devi design will consist in uh specifically implementing and detailing the choice we've uh made in the second point. So I will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for to uh each of us to to draw uh your favourite animal on the white board. Do you have any idea of which animal you want to show us? Okay that's good. n n You should If you want to react uh about this wonderful drawing uh I'll let you uh comment. Okay it's an abstract drawing. I think it's nice and original. Okay. You want to draw something Christine? Of course your animal is recorded so it's not lost. Is this uh Ah okay it's pretty. Okay it's your cat. Okay. Olivier, do you want to Okay I go, but next time you'll do something I'm sure. I'm a bit short on cable. Okay. So what could I draw? Maybe I can draw like a very simplified cow. I don't know if it looks like a cow Like a what? I dunno it it looks more like a donkey in fact I would say. Okay so I hope that it helps you uh in the process of designing a remote control. Okay. Let's move on. So Here the uh financial objective of our project. That is to say to to have a production cost lower than twelve point five Euros and have a selling price of twice that price t in order to target a profe profit of uh fifty uh million Euros. Yeah if it's trendy, original I d fulfil the user needs. We have to discuss that point. On yeah you you can suggest points like this. So what what so we have to decide for example if it can control one device or multiple. So what's what are your ideas about that? Maybe I can have the your opinion from the marketing side? Okay, so if it selled uh by its own i it it would rather be for multiple device. Do you agree? Yeah. So maybe it should be for multiple devices. And uh do you have any ideas um of uh design ideas or any uh uh technical requirement we we should uh fulfil? Few buttons. Okay. And do you have it also to be to be lighted in order to be used in the dark? Might be a good idea. Okay. And do you have any um any uh idea of the trend the trend in domain, what it shouldn't it should look like, or things like that? With rou okay. Like for okay. Okay. So. Fit in your hand, yeah. And also it have, i it may be it may be important for the remote control to be uh To, to resist to various shocks that can happen if it fall. Water-proof as well. Maybe it is original because you can uh use it in your uh in your bath whereas the others can't. Maybe water-proof would be very original. Havin having a water-proof remote control so that the people can uh use it in their bath. That could be uh Yeah but, it is still something uh you have to buy and that is um not maybe very Yeah, mayb B But maybe we can bulk it with uh already this plastic thing and uh the waterproof uh stuff as well. Yeah. Maybe we can sell uh all that together, so so plastic protection and uh and a waterproof box as well. That might be good uh track to follow. Optional or selled with it? Yeah. Maybe we can have uh But we don't design the T_V_. Maybe we can have uh something you whistle and uh the remote control uh beep. Yeah, barks, yeah. So we can uh have a whistle uh remote control? I don't know, whistle-able? Th Whistle tracking yeah. Whistle tracking remote control. That's a good idea, that's very original and that's can uh improve. Yeah d d uh. Yeah but s still we have to mm we have to have an advantage over our competitors. I think this is a good advantage. Yeah. We have to ask Yeah. We have to ask the quest of that's uh design to the uh Industrial um Designer. Which is you. Okay so try to find that for next meeting. Okay. So next meeting is in thirty minutes or so uh. Don't pani. So so I will ask the Industrial Designer to find out more about this industrial design so any working any working function we have discussed. So then I will ask the User Interf Interface Designer to to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons, the the fact that is lighted or not, things like that, and what would be convenient for the user. And also um I will ask the Market Expert to uh try to find out what are the absolute requirements, what is absolutely needed in a remote control uh for the user. So. And then uh I will uh just ask you to think about that and uh look at your mail because you will receive uh some good advice soon. So. Thank you I think that's all for this point. Anyway you will receive some messages. Be careful. You eat it? Does it move uh? Okay, but I don't know if it uh is still correctly uh We'll see.
How do you wear this thing? Not too many cables and stuff. Original. Uh. Just one thing. Uh, you said twenty-five minutes, but I have something else to do uh, so gotta have another meeting uh soon, so maybe you could hurry up a bit It's true. I have another meeting so if you could uh Yeah. Yeah, for the lawnmower project. Okay. What an original idea. Orangutan. Can I give you the no? But I don't have to say anything. When I'm drawing the orangutan. It's an abstract drawing of an orangutan. Yes. I don't have a red colour. Usually orangutans have red hair so this is a very important but I don't have red pen, so Yes. Yes. I know. Wha what is this strange beast? Is it a monster? It's a cat? I thought these things did not exist. Ah yeah Does have a name? Caramel. Ah-ha. Next time I concentrate. He looks like a bong. Okay. Sorry. No. Scary? I I think we will be finished this uh Is it for uh for putting a for logos, no. That's I is there a matter for a new remote control? Is it uh a single device remote control or is it a multi-device remote control? Ah this is not defined at all? Ah, okay. Well uh do we sell other stuff? Uh if if we bundle the remote control with something uh to sell then it could be a single device, otherwise it could be programmable one otherwise who would buy a remote control from us. Yeah. No, I couldn I cannot fi think of any requirements right now. Mm. Something like that, least fits in your hand. Yeah. The basic requirement. Only a buck. Waterproof. Mm. B it seems uh so, but uh if you don't have an waterproof remote control it means you can just cover it with some plastic and you can sort of f And, and that's one of the that's one of the shock I mean there are people that have a remote control and they are worried that it's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it. That's people they actually do it themselves. I it will look a bulky in that case. Like as an optional thing. Barks. That's that's quite cool, but uh of course we you don't normally need uh any audio uh recording stuff on your remote control right? So i it's just going to add t to the cost. It's cool. I think I like the idea, but I'm not sure about the what you, who is giving who's giving who's giving our budget. Who's Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Good. Uh, so we come back in five minutes? Half an hour.
Okay uh sorry. You have to imagine a little bit um. This Sorry too uh. Is it beautiful? Do you know? It's a cat. Isn't it? Yes yes is it like that. Is it better? Okay. It's my cat. Yeah. The name is Caramel. Yeah. Thank you
No no n You should write y the name I think. Me Ah yeah. Yeah. Caramel. And you I think I'm too short for the cables. Quite squarey. He also. Mm. Mm-hmm. I think we shouldn't have too many b for my part. I think If we don't have so many buttons could be nice. Yeah. Something which is not squarey maybe uh, not a box. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And I think we should have a device Sorry. Yeah. directly. Yeah. And I I think we should have something, most of the time I I lose my remote control. We should have s uh special bu button on the T_V_ to make the remote control beeping. Ah yeah. Yeah. Barks. Yeah. Yeah whistle. Whistle tracking. Yeah. yeah Okay. Don't panic. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ah.
";The Project Manager introduced the project to the group and gave a timeline for the project. The group trained themselves to use the meeting room tools by drawing on the whiteboard. The Project Manager presented the project budget and the projected price point and profit goals. The group discussed several of their initial ideas for the features of the product. They discussed making the remote able to control multiple devices, protection from water or from dropping the remote, and a locator function. The Project Manager then instructed the User Interface Designer to research users' requirements, and instructed the Industrial and User Interface Designers to research the functions and usability features that were discussed in the meeting. 
"Hello. Make a start yeah. So. Cable, camera. Should be in my in their folder no? Up. Um at three I think. No? Mm. Do we think w s in the in the wrong folder maybe? It is possible. It was somewhere in something like this. I don't remember the name actually must be something like messenger AMI or something. Go up. Yeah go up. Again. No. Go back. Uh maybe messenger AMI. Messenger. No. There is nothing. Let's go and check. I'll go and check. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So uh. Basically what we want here is a remote control right. So um the question well first of all what to control. So most people want to have a a remote for their hi-fi and T_V_ and stuff like that. And but other people want th also remotes for controlling uh and toys like robotic pets and little robots and stuff and other people also want to have remotes for controlling um whole house. Yeah, so there's a project I think called X_ house or something like that that does that, uh you can integrate your remote with uh computers stuff. So there is one that is one thing. The other is the the finder feature yeah by whistling or whatever. Uh if you have the finder feature then you can also have uh at the same time as and general voice commands if you want yeah. So I think it should be a package in that case. Uh so the user interface will consist of two parts. One is the voice command part and on one is the actual buttons part. Uh and th the buttons part would be uh a set of buttons for choosing devices, a set of buttons for special navigation in space, a set of buttons for linear access of medium and a set of buttons for random access. Yeah? Like a video tape goes forward, backwards, uh fast and stuff yeah. Um. Mm? Yeah. For special navigation for example you might have a T_V_ in the menu and you going to change yeah? Uh. Mm. Yeah and also parameter changing. So if there are common parameters maybe we should put special buttons for that um or maybe we could have everything uh generic but uh there are a lot of uh remotes on the market right now and basically this is most of the almost everybody has this stuff. Voice command w we could specify anything. We could assign any button a command to any button, if we have enough processing power, I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah I think so. Not so far. Where did you put it? mm. I'm designing the user interface. But what kind of remote controls did you look at? What kind of task was it? It was a T_V_? Huh. Uh-huh. Ah! Good. Other side yeah, yo wa your wrist. It i can become painful you can have tendonditis. Yeah. If you also up on a computer in a strange position. Ergonomic. But uh. Have to say ha ha. Mm-hmm. The first question. Mm. Mm. Mm I it's not true I think. The the second claim that you put. Yeah. I think that should be the same. I have uh I've no idea I mean I should know a bit more about how fast we can uh design it. I don't think Uh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Like a you feel a bit like a dog with this stuff. This will think this will take more time to develop also. Yeah. Soon. Yeah. So the only time problem is the sp voice recognition. Yeah. Yeah. Ten years. But we don't have time to market. I think we should contact management. Well. Uh How muc how much do you get how much do you if you buy one million units h no, one hundred thousand units. Eh chips. We're gonna need chips right. Yeah. How much will it cost for one hundred thousand? Okay. So you have any idea for a powerful one that has uh good enough for do speech recognition. Yeah? Okay. So. No it doesn't. Okay. Four million. Mh-hmm. A a lot of people are uh if you have the L_C_D_ screen if you can do it completely the way you want because the buttons also look the way you want them but it will be hard to configure I mean imagine i uh so it's really something for the expert user. So I mean there are markets and markets. I think the young people are th uh are uh Christine here said uh you have a uh it is yeah. So for our young people uh it will be cool, they can be able to use it. Th maybe their parents will not but they will configure it. I guess. I don't know if there is study about that. Mm. And there are another thing is that if we make something that's simple and easy to use that's bas to use immediately that means that it will be exactly the same as everything else. All right? Otherwise, if it's different then of course everybody has somebody has to learn to use it first. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But teletext is just one button. You you just write the write the numbers. So will you add with the channel keys, right? So. I am. I'm sure that uh it don't like but uh I don't see just one button. So. Mm-hmm. Capital. Well if it is going to be just a T_V_ remote control it is going to be very simple. Well if it's going to be as simple as possible then just have the remote control, there is no other function that I can see really. Uh no you want to keep television on so that the advertising can revenue can come back to us. Or something. It's a memory, yeah. And uh and of course the channel changing buttons. How should they how should we implement that? Because uh could be numerical only or could be also incremental. Mm-hmm. Mm. It's an interesting idea, that if you press it for a long time it does something else, in general. So if you you have your ten buttons for the for the numeric the numerical buttons and you have instead of having just one memory you have if you press them for a long time No. Doesn't work does it. Maybe we should have a complete keyboard and just type console commands. Change channel to eight. No. Well if it's useful like if if you want to change between three channels for example then you h you cannot you cannot cannot work with just memory being incremental. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah when you zap usually you will have to press the same button all the time and Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hey I just thought this thing there is a I mean you know there is are some with a wheel like this. Instead of having the up down buttons for uh you can have the wheel. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. On the lower side I think it you have to turn it. No? If we do that. Yeah. Because of that Because it's uh it's it's not like a volume which is smooth yeah? The channels change one by one. So you have to the user has to like to should feel the the the discrete sense a bit. Yeah. Yeah. Even if i L_E_D_ uh or a if if it's the L_C_D_ feature uh whatever, yeah. Yeah. I think it's only put on if cou have multi function. If you do not multi function then there is no p point in having L_C_D_. Just increase the cost. The user does not have an advantage really. Well if it's going to delay yeah but uh it will be cool. It would. Because a user could say C_N_N_ for example and it would go C_N_N_. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. What is the folder that you put yours in? And did it it did work? Ah yeah. Mm. Okay. Okay what is your email? At participant one. Okay. Well during lunch break actually. So next time we should have a fight. How about uh management or something. Who happens to be your friend.
Okay. F do you want to start? Okay. No. What do you have in short cut? Participant two. Yeah. Otherwise, could you just describe by hand? With the the whiteboard? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. What do you mean by linear access then? Ah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm just thinking of some thing. Um We want to have a no, I don't know if this is a good idea. We want to have a a general remote control for everything. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. No no. Finish tonight. But basically yeah maybe I can continue with my presentation, it would be al you you but I think we have some technical problem or so. So I'm just going to describe briefly what we do in the remote control. If fact Yeah but Do I have oh yeah. Now I have enough cables. Okay so I'm just going to describe in fact for for a remote control this is quite easy. We just have sorry, I'm going Like that. I'm just going to describe. Basically we have a a battery a power supply here. After that we just have um user interface. Let's say that um something like that, which could be um a L_C_D_ let's say or um an array of push button, something like that. Push button or a L_C_D_. After that we we feed that into um uh an electronic chip. So I say U_C_ and I feed that to uh L_E_D_ which is uh infrared um which is a an infrared um component. And so what we for for myself this for for us this is quite easy. Yeah. Y it's a it's this just a chip which does all the um numerical numerical computation according to your display. And so for us uh this is quite easy. We just need to take to define what we want to do when the user interface um wants something and after that we just do the coding to s and send that to to to the not the to the television. So for us this is quite easy. Yeah. Um we just have to define the processing power that we need uh especially if we want to do some uh speech recognition, in that case that mean that we are going to use more for simple Yeah of course of course. And um but for a standard one this is really easy. It's a question of one month and so on s No no no no, I say yeah standard uh standard remote control takes maybe uh one month to to do that. Yeah. Definitely. I would say. I would say uh about eight months to have the first results. Yeah. I can Um. Yeah. Yeah even. I mean that this is really standard devices now. Um eight. For uh speech recognition. And also how much uh I think during the kickoff meeting you say that we we shouldn't we shouldn't go up to twelve point five Euro per unit so how many units should we sell to have a Yeah but how many yeah. Yeah. Usually this is less tha at two dollars per chip. Yeah, we can Mm-hmm. Um I just had a question uh do you want to continue with your presenta? Is it Um you say that I don't remember by heart but thirty per cent of the tested people say that's it's quite difficult to to to use the remote control. Do they say that this is difficult but for the same reason or do they have other reason? To to maybe to keep in mind maybe to access to that menu you should do something like that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And But yeah maybe and what about if we design a remote control which can be configure as you want? You say that I want, I have six button Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Uh I know that som you say that many people are doing plenty of a lot of zapping. I know tha I discovered that when I did a quick look, uh they do now som they do something which is quite nice now, you have a button, you you press it, and this is uh the previous channel which has come back. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Let's say that we can do something like that. This is uh incremental, but once you press it for a long time, you go five by five. To go fa to go faster. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Or we can do something like that. We can design the remote control to have access. You know some remote control have uh protection and so you you y You Yeah, a kind of joystick. Mm-hmm. Or a or a ball, yeah, not a a wheel but a ball, and you say uh to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the yeah. 'S quite it's quite easy we do that w with back light on the on the wheel. A blue a blue L_E_D_ and we sell that um. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Ten years Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Mm. Yeah. Um I dunno if you can open the uh m is not here. Uh in yeah okay. No. In document. Mm computer yeah. Here. Here. But it's not Um. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I can do that. Okay. Um. It's participant one? Okay. You can uh. Yeah. Okay so you can you can go. Okay so in our usability lab we observed the remote control use among one hundred subjects and the subjects also filled a questionnaire okay? And here I have the results so you can see that um seventy five per cent of users find most remote controls ugly so we have to find something to make them more more nice, more kind. Eighty per cents of users would spend more money when the remote control would look fancy. Eighty hundred per cent of users would spend more money when the remote control would look oh to it's not good. So okay. So it's not in theory but I I can I can say yeah. Fifty f uh seventy five per cent of users say they s zap a lot. So mm we have to have a remote control uh very um out for that. Uh the buttons have are to be um uh uh like you say resist resisting to to shocks. Um and fifty per cents of users say they only use uh ten per cents of but of the buttons in the in the remote control. So all the buttons we we have to put are have to to have um a use a real use and not only or Yeah. F not many buttons, and uh and uh uh u useable buttons. Sorry? Yeah. Uh most for most is T_V_. 'Kay you can go so. So there are other frustrations expressed by users, so they said uh they lost uh often the remote control in in the room so they want to have a way to to to find it. Um and um lot of the time they it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. So they want something s really very simple and uh easy to use. And uh remote controls are bad for R_S_I_ um I dunno. Yeah. Uh. Okay um before that I I have some some some thing uh to say before um We know that uh the user use uh a lot their um remote control um to to change channel. Um and um to to change uh volume selection of the and uh and not uh a lot for setting for setting the the channels and uh thing things like that. So it's better to put uh uh uh something very easy to set and uh and Very accessible yes. That's right. So then we asked some questions to them and um we asked this question if they prefer an L_C_D_ screen or on their remultific function remotes control and if they mm pay more for speech recognition in remote control and you can go we have here the results of of the questions. So you know that um for the younger it's very important to have the s yes and speech recognition. And uh and the others is not so important but uh we know that uh uh people between fifteen and twenty five are people who watch a lot T_V_ and uh who who wh can use a lot this uh. So maybe we we can have a speech recognition in. Yeah. Mm. Okay and if there is th the conclusion now. So as we say before, I think uh um a remote control lightening in the dark it's it's a good thing. Uh not to many mud buttons like we we said before, e easy to use uh a way to find it easily in the room and uh uh resistant to to shock and to to An I s no, yeah. I dunno if you see something else important or Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm? Yeah. Oh. Would j Uh yeah w I I think they they say that it's uh difficult to learn how to use it but i when you know how to use it, it's it's okay. But Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. No. No no. I dunno, I dunno it. 'Kay thank you.
Okay everyone's ready. So we are here for uh for uh functional design. Okay? So we are here for the functional design meeting mm so first I will show the agenda so we will uh I will take notes during this meeting so I will try to summarise it and put that summary in the shared folder if you want to look at it afterwards so then uh each of you will uh lead a presentation on the task that has been required last time so user requirement specification, technical function design and working design. Then I will uh present you some new project requirements I received from uh the management board. Then we will take uh the decision on on the remote control uh needed functions and then I will assign you the task for the next part of the meeting. Of the of the process. So uh who want to start the the presentation of what they did? You can start. You have uh PowerPoint? Ah yeah maybe there. Okay. Who are you? Ouch. And We have a technical problem uh. You put it on Yeah. You have no Over. Okay. There's no We have a technical problem. If you remember yeah but that's Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay so special navigation, linear access, random access and there's a fourth one no? So the better now for special navigation? Okay. Then linear access then random access. Ah yeah parameter okay. Okay. Okay. Okay and and voice command did you uh Okay. Okay. Okay. So that's uh that close your investigations? Okay. Okay. Maybe we can have a look at the user requirements with I dunno if I can open it. Maybe you can s It's Messenger no? In which folder? Short-cut to AMI shared folder? Maybe you can send it to me by email. Just to participant one. At AMI. I will try to show it to everyone, that would be more comfortable. You send it? Yeah. Uh this is this email. Okay. So maybe I can switch slides when you whenever you ask, that will be more convenient. So okay, functional requirements. Mm. Yeah. We can just keep doing that? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, so fewer buttons maybe would be good? Okay. Yeah. Yeah but in fact we it it seems that we are going to make a T_V_ remote control according to new requirements I received from the management bo I will present them in the following. Okay. Yeah. To find it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What is her other side? Oh yeah? I did not knew that. Okay so you we have to make it uh more ergonomic yeah. It's your job Oh. Uh sorry got a message from Microsoft. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. This function should be very uh accessible. Yeah, okay. This is the main function okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To have L_C_D_ and voice. Okay. Yeah maybe this this is important. Moreover th maybe those uh like those teenager customer could advice their parents to buy this equipment and so we can we have to take care of that point of view I think or so. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay these are the user requi Yeah. No no no. We w it seems that we no want to have a T_V_ remote control. From the management board I receive an email. Cos it would be costly uh and and also it it would take more time to develop to have a a general generic remote control. That it would be too long to develop. Oh yeah. Because I received that email from management board and they seems to tell that that if we want to be on the market as early as possible we should uh focus on T_V_ more where it seems that the market is more important. So maybe it's a good decision. I dunno. What's your opinion? Okay. Maybe you can go to the whiteboard if you have some drawings to do I don't know. Okay. Are you okay? U_C_ is the central unit? Okay yeah. Computation. Okay. Okay. Okay so this is quite easy. There is not that much constraints. To have a you s you speak about with voi voice control? Standard button one. So do you have any idea of how long it would take to have voice recognition now? Okay so i it's a bit long yeah. One month for the standard one with button. Even if we have a L_C_D_ display? Okay yeah. Okay so we can take this into account. So who think it would be good to go for uh like speech recognition? Yeah it will. Euros. Yeah, yeah. Well each unit is is sell uh twenty five Euros. Because we are It seems that that we want to sell like four million units from the first meeting. Okay. Maybe we can uh we can look at the new requirement I receive from the management board and discus discuss all function we want to have. Yeah I I will continue. Well ask your question if you want. Okay. It's not intuitive first. Yeah. But, but also it seems that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe it would be more complex to configure it to be simple than creating a simple product. Yeah. But also we we see that that most people find it find remote controls too complex because they have too many buttons and they mainly use only channels and volume buttons. So we may just uh make a very easy to use remote control with mainly those buttons and maybe also um some lightning stuff too because most people find also hard to to find the remote control. Losed lose it etcetera. These these are these two points are the main frustrations so maybe if we design something very simple and easy to uh find when lost it will uh add uh a serious competitive advantage without making something too complex and too long to develop. So but le let us see first the new requirement. So we don't have to so this this uh is uh is um in the this is in the same direction as we were speaking so we don't have to make a very complex remote controls to access teletext and stuff like that Yeah but then you have to you have to define the buttons to surf amongst pages and stuff. Yeah. So well Yeah. So anyway we don't have to include this feature because it's it's not used any more by users, they prefer to s Yeah. I dunno. If i one button is still one more button. If if if we want to make it very simple we have to reduce number of buttons compared to th to our competitors. Well anyway I have this point. We can discuss. Also um so as as I told before uh it would be better if it's only for the T_V_ um because we want to be quick on on the market. And then also we have to make very uh uh clear that this uh this remote control is is part of of our products and show our corporate uh logo and and colours on the on the design as well so that uh they identify it as one of our product. So this is the the key point. So before uh finishing we can uh define uh what would be the characteristic of the o th of the control of the remote control and which button do we need which function do we want etcetera. So do you um so so from from the the Marketing Expert I think a key aspect is the easy to use aspect, it should be very simple and most button are never used only ten per cent of the button are are used often so I think we have to do something very simple and I think we all agree on that point, no? Yeah okay. So yeah the key point here is simple. Maybe. So few buttons, channel, volume control and what el what function do you see in addition to that? Yeah. Maybe switch T_V_ on and off Yeah. Yeah. Volume, maybe a mute button, and then on off button. And that's all? Mm. Okay. Yeah this is cool. Maybe we can include that also. Previous previous channel button. So we have like channel button, the previous channel button, the volume button, plus a mute button, and uh just the the traditional on off button. Yeah. I I talk about that, yeah? Yeah. Incremental definitely because zapping you you switch them. We go faster? Mm. Maybe we should have also a digit button Yeah. Maybe we have also to have digits or only incremental. I dunno bec because if you have the Uh. Yeah. Because you have your previous channel button if you have incremental only it's not uh it isn't worth it because the previous channel is eith either minus one or plus one. So I think we need also digits. Maybe we we can make very obvious the channel and volume button button and smaller button down there with the the digits. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we can have a wheel for incremental. Okay. So have a wheel for incremental, have the digits uh on the lower side that can be closed so as you say protected, and uh yeah I think this is the basi And do we do we have a No, a wheel is better. I would say the wheel is better. What is the expert of uh Okay. Yeah. That's a good idea. Well also we have to decide uh so it should be lightening in the dark I think because most people lost their remote control. Okay. Yeah, and do we put an L_C_D_ display? Because it was important for young customers if you remember. Okay. So no L_C_D_? And so no speech as well because it w it would delay too much the development process. Yeah. That would be cool. But eight months is really long and Maybe we can just uh Okay. So um I I will uh I will so I we will move to next meeting so in after the lunch break uh here are the individual uh action uh you are required to do but you will be uh recalled to the actions by uh email I think but you can take notes if you if you want but well the instruction will be sent. So thank you for uh your suggestion and I I will make a summary of that meeting that I will put in the shared folder you can't see and uh and then you will um you will be able to to see what has been uh has been said on on this meeting and and what has been decided. Uh maybe for next meeting uh send me your presentation before by email so that we can see them uh altogether. That would be easier. No it did not work. She send it to me by email. So maybe this is better, to send it by email. Okay? So yeah I I'm it's in the first uh email so I'm participant one at AMI uh where is that, it's here. Participant one at AMI. Okay. So see you after lunch break.
";The User Interface Designer presented the major components of the interface design, dividing the interface into two parts: voice commands and buttons. The Marketing Expert went over users' requirements as seen in a company study and showed that the major complaint was that remotes were too difficult to use. She also showed that users want fancier and more ergonomic designs, shock protection, voice recognition, and LCD screens. The Project Manager announced a new requirement to the group, that the remote is only to control televisions. The Industrial Designer gave a layout of the internal functions of the device and showed that a standard chip, instead of a larger one that would accomodate voice recognition, would be the most feasible. The Project Manager announced also that the group was not to include a teletext function and that they should integrate the company logo into the external design. The group decided on what button functions should be included and decided to eliminate the LCD screen and voice recognition from the design due to time and cost restraints. 
"Okay. So we are here for the concept design meeting. So, we will first start by summarizing the mm the previous meeting and the decision we've taken. Uh I will take notes during this meeting so uh that you can uh look at my uh folder to see the summary of this meeting afterwards. So each of you will uh show us the various investigation they've done during uh previous uh hours. We'll then t take decision in concert and then uh uh we will uh define the nest next task, to have to be done before the next meeting. So, last time we decided to have a simple interface. We also decided to have a wheel to change channel previous channel button. Channel digit uh buttons should be uh protected by plastic cover or something for the remote control to look very simple. We have also button for volume, and to switch on off the T_V_. We have also uh the lightening feature for the remote control to be easy to find, and for fast development and low cost we have decided to have no L_C_D_ no voice features. So now uh we will have three presentations. So the conceptual specification by Industrial Designer, the specification of the U_I_ by or U_I_ okay. And uh the last point is uh trend watching by Market Expert. So maybe we can start with uh industrial design. So this is the presentation. Maybe I can switch slide uh on your request. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. But is it a significant price on the whole remote control? Because we can afford up to twelve Euros for the price of the remote control. So will will will this with uh including all possible things, so buttons, wheel and the chip, be uh lower than twelve Euros to produce? Okay You received something Hmm. And could it be adapted? Okay and there can uh recognize some commands and stuff? Okay. Yeah. Okay maybe we can just uh listen to this presentation and then take decision later on according to those news. Okay. You can easily find the button in the dark or so? It will be turned on when the when the user move the remote control I think, no? Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. True. But it can be uh battery consuming, no? To have the light always on? Well we will discuss that after maybe the other presentations. Yeah. And it is. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also does it uh fit well in hand? Because it was uh th your wrist problem with the usage. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it's only the central part. Yeah. With a maybe a more ergonomic design on on the bottom part. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. S Okay. Will be down or Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Maybe the wheel will be a good advantage over our competitors. Because otherwise it's pretty standard apart the fact that it's very simple. So maybe it's worse to uh to have more expense on that's that aspect. Okay. So we can move to the Is there any question? For designer of user interface? or we can move to the next part, maybe, and discuss afterwards? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. This is good also for Yeah. I think it is good also f to have a spongy material, yeah. Yeah, because it's robust. Yeah uh sorry? No. Yeah. Before? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's innovative to use the mm the wheel because I think no one else has. Has it? Yeah. I think it's it makes it both easy and both innos innovative. So I think it's a good aspect and it should be kept. Cool, fancy? We have to make it l look like a fruit or vegetable. Maybe uh um a colour that remember some fruit uh, things like that. Maybe yeah. Yeah, and it's ergonomic as well. A pear. Yeah. Maybe pear yeah or something like that. Yeah. We can discuss that uh. D D Is is there anything you want to add? I don't think so. I think we we can have like yeah a pear is good, fit well, or banana as you told. Something like that. But that's not in the trend.. The trend is spongy, and vegetable fruits. I think p spongy is good because it it will be robust as well. So, I think we can keep the wheel because it's uh easy, it's innovative, even if the cost is a bit higher, and we also have to find a, so, a fruit like pear or banana wit uh any others idea you have. What kind of fr fruit would you like to to control your T_V_ with? Odi Banana is also yellow so you you can't lost your remote control then. I think it's a good idea, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's a good design and it's innovative as well then. Maybe we can keep the banana. And it will be very easy to find. Yeah. Yeah it's really uh really a good point. I think it So One second. So we have to take some decision on this aspect. So, uh so for sorry, for uh component, so we have to think about those aspects, sorry. Yeah. I think it's the box that should be spongy, banana's shape. But No the button would be In fact it it should be something odd shaped, with a spongy cover. Okay odd shape with spongy cover. And standard battery okay, a chip imprint, there's no specific problem. So we agree to put the wheel So it have to it has to be symmetrical. Yeah maybe the thumb is more comfortable. Yeah I think it's okay for both right and left. Mm. I think you can turn it this way also. You can do both with both hands. I think it's okay. Well, you you will get used to it. And moreover, th the button ar are lighted so you you immediately identify the right side, because you have light on buttons. Yeah. No you you I think you will use it only on the right or left hand, whether you are righty or lefty. I think for lefty it's okay. I can do this movement, and for righty as well. I think this doesn't change that much. Yeah? So, for interface we said also that we have uh this banana shape with button on the s on the side. And and uh a wheel on the top. So the colour is yellow. I think it's uh we defined everything according to what we should what the decision we should take, yeah. So maybe we can um we can uh work on those aspects uh until next meeting. So have the final uh look and feel design according to the decision. And have the the user interface design and uh then evaluate the prodyuc the product. That is to say, uh check if it fit the the requirement uh given by the users, but according to uh your presentation it seems to be okay. It seems to be fancy, innovative, and easy to use. So so to prepare the prototype I would suggest that the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer uh work together. That would uh be better, I think. And uh And so uh you will receive further instruction by emails, as usual. So do you need to add anything? You feel okay? You feel uh free to express what you want to say? You don't feel too constrained? You don't feel free to answer this? Okay, so See you.
Uh, I_D_ you want? Yeah. I only v have three slides, so. I just look at the mm um just this. On some web pages to find some documentation and I think a remote control is, as I s mentioned previously, you just have a a very simple chip and the mm the user interface is just done usually by push button and in our case we are using a um a wheel control. So uh uh I was looking basically for that chip, which is uh very very standard, and uh I just looked for the wheel sensor and the standard push button. And um yeah we can change directly. In fact I have the number of that element which is very standard for remote control. The push button are usually extremely cheap, but I just have one problem and this is related with the wheel sensor, which seems to be quite expensive. And I think we if we could just talk about that if we really need a wheel sensor or if we can not if if we could combine something with the push button. Uh a wheel sensor is fifty time the price of a a a push button. Yeah. Yeah I I th But I don't think that uh we should We should talk about uh the design of the box also which needs some money. But Um that's all yeah. I haven't chec Mm-hmm. Yeah but I think it's yeah Sorry, I haven't written my personal references. Um the I I just want to mention the the problem of the the r wheels sensor which is much more expensive than any push button, and if we could reduce that. We we have already some good things uh with um um with the backlight of the push button. Just to to make something which is uh slightly more design that uh a squarey box with a rubber Yeah. Actually. As soon as you thought to move the the remote control you have the light. Yeah. Again. I don't think that this is really expensive, but at the end this is plenty of unexpen eh very cheap devices but uh the bill starts to be First of all I was thinking to have a a continuous light and you w when t you you you you press the on button you have the light on your remote control, when you want to turn off your device Yeah, a little bit. A little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. To s Mm-hmm. I support an apple. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Me too. Ah it's okay. I know that they do that for alarm clock also. Yeah. Mm-hmm. What about um And for maybe look and feel, what about a a piece of ice, with blue L_E_D_ inside? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Banana I think, it's a nice idea. Because But You y you don't use the banana when the banana is curving like that, but when the banana is curving like that, with the wheel on the top and to control, and here you have a a push button to Yeah. And everybody knows what is a banana. Basically. If you if you start with uh fancy fruits and fra s and tha Oh, yeah So So we will just use a a standard battery? And uh the chip we chip imprint we know exactly which one we are going to use. Uh what do you mean by case? Yeah. Uh I mean for me if we use a a spongy banana case, doesn't matter. I just want to have so something to prin to to fix my my components onto that box, and that's it. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Spongy also. Oh no I think it's possible. Yeah. Yeah. This is uh like the Mm-hmm. Wheel on the top. Button, where do we want some buttons? Yeah. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Thank you.
Mm-hmm. Abdul al-Hasred is my name. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Also have to say Did you receive the email about the voice recognition? No? Yeah. You we uh an email from the manufacturing division that they have basically a voice recognition chip already developed. Says Yeah. It says that ri right now they just use it to uh to record uh answers to particular questions. But I guess it could be I guess it's possible. I mean instead of recording the answers you can just uh record uh something simpler like a command. Yeah you reco recognize commands and you can record new commands and stuff, so if they already have it as uh as a chip then we we could use it. Okay. Mm-hmm. I have a question about that actually. Um, what is the purpose of the light? Is But But in th in the dark uh Yeah but is going to be always turned on, the light? But if you move it then you have it, you don't need to find it. You can see the buttons better, of course. Yeah. But if you move it then you have to have some sensor to when you move it to detect your movement. Yeah, but you need another sensor for that, right? Yeah no it's too expensive. Okay. Mm. Extra. Yeah, okay. Mm. Yeah, but I expected also the wheel would be cheap but you tell me that it is very expensive so, yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. So uh my one, it uh should be in the shared folder. So. It was last time I saw it. Okay. So, just move to the next slide. So basically want very simple, right? That's the major idea, as simple as possible. So I just look at some current designs uh on the web, of usually more complicated remote controls. And let's look at two of them because uh th even though they have many buttons they look quite simple. And in our case we just uh reject the buttons what we don't need and it become even simpler. Um. So. Yeah. Well this these uh these remotes are quite big, so go to the next page, so. We have all these buttons as you can see, but most of them, we just need the ones in the middle. So, from the bottom or whatever is there, uh the uh the numbers and then the top, uh until the ten also, this middle part, and on the left one is exactly the same. So it's basically more or less how we would like it, with a big volume control, big channel control, and mute and power, yeah? These are the basic thing. So basically, w software we will build will look more or less the same as these two. Yeah, if you have, for example I think that the volume and the buttons that are there on the top are not very easy to reach with your thumb. It could be on the right side, for example. Yeah. Because we don't have these input buttons and this other stuff that they have. And I think that the plastic cover is not very good uh idea because you open it, it can break, you ca you can do various things. Uh you just need to put the channel numbers somewhere a bit out of the way. So that they're separate a bit, yeah. Uh and it's easy to press the other the big buttons, but uh, it's not that difficult to press the the channel buttons either. Mm. Yeah, I think that if you put the cover it will be even more difficult for the user. Alright, you won't yeah. Usually what I have noticed that people put the plastic cover on things that you normally don't mess with, like buttons for t uh tuning the channels and stuff like that. Yeah. That you want to protect a bit. And I think it's uh it's reasonable. So, I don't think Yeah, this is just the the wheel. We could use the some wheels can be pushed down, could use the push down of the wheel for the record if we want. Uh so we could just basically use one just wheel and uh user could use just the wheel to do everything with the channels in that case. Yeah, I guess the market researcher will tell us all about that. Mm-hmm. Well, wou wou I think we can certainly just put the electronics in a spongy thing, it it would work, right? Yeah. You can throw it to the television. Hey that's a cool one. We could say that if you throw it, you have a sensor, and you throw it and hits the television and turns it off. When it d uh takes a shock. Yeah. How do we make it look cool is the question. Yeah. Well the obvious thing is a banana, I guess. The banana is also ergonomic. Is there any fruit that is spongy? Yeah. You can make it um It's not hard, the metal. Plastic. Mm. Yeah. Two of the button, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah so you can just have uh just have this curve, yeah, and you move uh your hand here to press the buttons and then you move uh on the other side. So you can have it on on two sides and it'll be cool, no? You can put also vibrator inside. Ah-ha. You can also take into account the fact that the banana fits with the colour scheme of our company. Yeah. I hope the students of management die, but anyway. Now who are recording this meeting? The only th Yeah. Y Yeah that can be in inside th in the structure. But uh the thing is that the buttons and the wheel have to be I mean if it's spongy then the buttons and the wheel have to I mean if it's spongy then it's going to move, right? So, it's going to be bend a lot. So if we try to push the buttons, it You think it's possible? Okay. Yeah. Well, usually hold 'Kay, we want it to be good also for the left-hand users, right? Uh Yeah but okay. Sa let's say that th o It has to be basically you can only take two sides, one on ths this side where is the thumb and the other side where there is uh yeah also the thumb. Basically. Or you could use use this one, but I don't know if it's very comfortable, to use this one for the wheel. This for the wheel and then this for the buttons? Should have the two sides. So if the left, we have the op Wheel Wheel buttons. Yeah, the problem is if you have buttons and wheel then when you turn it around, the buttons are on the other side. So you cannot see them. Yeah. So the buttons have to be here and the wheel has to be Y Yeah I know, but uh if you hold with your left hand, and the wheel is here, and the buttons are here, then when you turn it around the buttons will be on the other side. Okay. Okay. Maybe. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes master. No. Yeah. Yeah. No. Maybe you can make uh uh mm okay.
Okay, I can go? Can I? So now the recent investigation we we have done fo of the remote control um. So, the most important aspect for remote controls is to be fancy look and feel and not current functional look and feel. And um the second aspect is uh that the remote control should be uh technological innovative. And the third most important aspect is to to is that the co remote control should be easy to use. So, are things we are we have uh speak about before. Yeah. And um so you you can go after. And there is a fashion watchers in Paris and Milan that have detected the following trends, uh fruits and vegetables will be the most important theme for clothes, shoes, and furnitures. So, maybe if our remote control have to be a fruit form or vegetable form something like that, or And the mm the material is expected to be spongy. Uh I don't know which material can be spongy, and if you Mm-hmm. Okay It's robust, yeah. Not good. An and and uh this uh you can yeah you can say that. You ca uh you can go uh before, before, yes. And you know here the more iz important aspect is the fancy look and feel, after is uh technological innovative, and after the easy to use. Yeah that's why Yeah that's why I think we have to keep that if it's possible. Innovative. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Oh, colour, yeah. Oh i i I thought about a a pear, for example. You know the pear, is like that and it's it's easy to to have in in hand and uh Yeah. Or a fruit like that. I dunno. Yeah. But you don't have Yeah.
";The Industrial Designer presented the functional components that will appear in the prototype, and discussed with the group the high cost of the wheel sensor and the possibility of incorporating speech recognition. The User Interface Designer presented existing remote controls to help show the interface of the prototype. He showed how the new design will be more simple and ergonomic than the models he displayed by eliminating extra functions. The Marketing Expert presented news about trends in fashion and in the market that will be incorporated into the design. A fruit and vegetable theme and spongy materials are popular trends that will be used in the design. The group finalized which features they wanted to integrate into the design. They decided to make the remote shaped like a banana and spongy, to have the buttons lighted, to have a wheel sensor at the top of the device, and to use only a standard chip and battery that would not accomodate speech recognition. The Project Manager instructed the User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer to construct the prototype, and announced that the prototype would be evaluated in the next meeting. 
"It is a banana. It is the essence of bananas. I would be confused with this thing. S How is everyone? Mm-hmm. Like a banana. I give it a I give it a five. And you? Do you vote uh Christine? Do you also vote? Well, we can very easily. I So it will have five point five average. Mm. It's four. Yeah. D are we including the voice are you glu are we including the voice in the end or not? Huh? No. Okay. Yeah. For twenty five. Yeah. I give a seven, I think. 'Kay. Yeah, we can we can put a seven here. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we hope. Yeah. Yeah, I think it's cool. I think we can put a six here. So you'll make the material transparent so that it uh lights up completely, or Yeah. Yeah the only problem there might be which know, i if it's very sensitive, they will, I don't know Yeah, okay. Mm. Six, yeah, for me. Yeah. Twenty. Thirty. Thir Okay. Yeah, the top Mm. So will become eight soon? Yeah, well it's a bit biased. Okay. Because I saw uh some phones that were banana shaped, uh wireless phones not mobile ones, wireless for the house, uh quite big also, and they were selling something like a hundred Euros, two hundred Euros. Just a just a phone, wireless. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's much more complex, but Okay. Congratulations to the team. Uh very well, we worked together fantastically. So what does the management say? What does the management say? Ah. Yeah. Okay. Mm.
Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. So uh you can have my project in Uh yeah just a Four. Evaluation. Okay. So you can go. We can go through. So I made an evaluation and the the evaluation criteria is made according to the users' requirements and the market trends we talked about uh during the previous uh meetings. So you can go through and okay so uh we have uh six points. We we talked about before. So we we want to have a product fancy look and feel, technologically innovative, easy to use, fashion, easy to find in a room, and robust, uh and uh uh I have a scale of uh seven points. Okay. So I go through all the uh all the points here, and uh according to what you think about the this project you can uh mm make a one point, two point or seven point. Okay? And after we ha we have an an average, and uh we see. The okay? Uh so uh fancy look and feel, what do you think? F between o one and seven. Yeah. Seven is the Mm-hmm. sorry. eh? No, I just want to see something Mm-hmm. Uh I think uh and need to as well. Need to uh I don't know if you we ha we have to put uh one uh f If it's better or Uh-uh. Um. Yeah. Or maybe we can say s seven is the best mm. Oh sorry. Six Uh s you can how much what? Oh yes I mm I dunno mm, I think six, it's a good uh Yeah. Wa can. Okay. I sorry. Okay. So after, the technological aspect? So we we said uh we have uh a new technological uh thing with a wheel. Uh. No. Four. We can put four? Everyone is okay or four poin Four. Okay. Very easy to use. Do you think it's easy to use? Mm, six for me also. Six point five. Okay. Is it fashion? Seven? Yeah it's fashion, because it's a fruit, and we say that the yeah, seven. Uh easy to find in a room? Yeah? We have the lightning, or The lighting. Yeah. Seven? Is it is it robust? Everybody is okay, six. Yeah. Okay. S now um so. Thirteen uh, twenty, twenty six point five, uh seven, thirty two, thirty six. That's that's okay? Six. Good. Uh if we say that seven it's uh it's the better, and when uh s six sit six are good it's a good uh p product, I think. We have a good price and uh. Good. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay.
Hi. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I will give a a five. Five. A four also, because, except for the wheel, we don't have so much innovation. The rubber is Uh a four. I I Yeah. Six. Six. Six six six point five. Yeah, seven. Easy to find. I lost my banana. Uh. Six. Yeah, okay. Uh f yeah, it's ru it's rubber. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Six or five. Five. Six. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But almo also the complexity between a phone and a remote control is not cannot compare. Start to eat banana. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Fruits.
Okay. Je croix que c'est dommage de le it will be sad to destroy this prototype. It really looks like a banana. It is a banana. Mm. Okay. Hi. So we are here for the detailed design meeting. So we will uh I will first present what we are going to do in this meeting. Then uh I've I will also take notes during this meeting and I will send you uh a summary then as usual. We will then look at the evaluation criteria of the prototype presented by uh our two colleagues that make good work. And uh then we will see the financial aspects and the cost of the product. Then we will uh evaluate the product. And uh end with the conclusion of this project and see whether it fits with it fulf if it fulfil the requirement or not. So d let's start with the cost aspect so so I look at the aspect discussed last time, that is to say uh to have a standard battery, to have a yellow banana shaped uh case with uh a rubber material around it to be uh to feel spongy, and uh also at the different aspect like having a wheel etcetera. And the cost ended to be ten point seven Euros. So which is uh good, because we had a price gap of twelve point five Euros. So for the financial aspect it's okay, we can uh we can continue with this product uh as if, and we are now going to see the project evaluation with uh our marketing expert. Yeah. You have a presentation? Participant four, yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Maybe you can presen okay. Maybe hold it. So I think it's uh very uh very nice. What do you think? Yeah. So it's between one and seven? Seven is the highest uh? I will give a six. Maybe we all have to agree on a common Yeah. No problem. So this is your One is most. Well, we can choose what we want. Okay, let's say that seven is the best. Okay. So so do note the grade we have five, six for me, five. And what what's your choice? How much would you give on the fancy aspect, on the fashionable aspect? How much would you you don't answer to this uh questionnaire? Five point five average. Okay. Well, does it Okay, techne technological aspect. Yeah, we have the wheel. We also have the rubber material, which make it uh like new also. I think I would give a five. Four? Okay. No. So what's your uh grade? Four? So we have four, four f and five? Yeah, four. Four, yeah, let's put four. Doesn't it Yeah, I think so. Yeah. I would give a I would give a seven as well. It's very easy to use. So six point five. Okay. Oh yeah, its its f its fruit fruit shape. I would say seven. And is very very nice design. Yeah. Seven, okay. I think you can't miss it. Okay. Yeah, we have the we don't sesh especially have the lightning but So it's yellow. It's okay. I think it's very easy to I would say seven. It's hard to miss it. Yeah, it's rubber, made of rubber, I think it's m it's uh more rubber than uh other remote control. Yeah. But it is uh it is surrounded by rubber material. So maybe we can put a six. Six is okay? Yeah. Tadada. We have to sum up everything. Six is a good Yeah, the be. Okay, so six is a So it's a good evaluation, I think. It's very promising. Huh. So this prototype is quite nice. Yeah. Okay. So having this at twenty five Euros is uh quite attractive, I think. I think the Yeah. So, I think, we can summarise. So we have seen the prototype. It's very nice according to the work of our two designer. The the the financial aspect were okay. We we have the cost below uh our threshold and so we could sell at twenty five Euros and make i make profit. The the evaluation give satisfying result as well. So I think we can move to the last part of the meeting. So the cost is in the budget, the evaluation is okay, so I th I think we can now uh open champagne and make a huge party. I don't know if it's provided by uh by the meeting staff. Okay so congratulation. Nice product. Yeah. I think it was a good collaboration uh. Aspect. Sorry? I think we will have um much bigger project next time and a much bigger salary as well. All it depends on who watch this meeting. We don't know. Okay, so good guys, so see you for next uh successful project.
";"The Project Manager presented the final cost of the remote with the finalized list of components. The final cost was under the alotted budget; the Project Manager announced that the project could then continue with the current prototype. The Marketing Expert presented an evaluation of the prototype to the group. The group evaluated the prototype based on the requirements of users presented in the first meetings. The group decided that the prototype met enough of these goals to be able to market the product. The prototype was presented and the group discussed the look of the prototype. The Project Manager summarized the accomplishments of the meeting. "
"So we are here to talk about functional design. Now hopefully we've all got a better idea from than we did f leaving the last meeting as to what it is we are up to now. So here's an agenda. Uh I'll open. Um you should know that I'll be taking minutes during all the meetings, as I was struggling to our last time uh and that'll be easier for me now because I'm not actually giving the whole presentation. Uh the additional points are just the stuff that we sent and that I forwarded on from upper management having a few bright ideas to make our lives painful. Um now you can all give your presentations. We can talk about the requirements and hopefully come to some decisions. Right, forty minutes for this meeting, so a bit more time than the last one. Here's the additional points I just wanted to put those in there to see if you guys had any comments on them. Uh did you all receive that email? So does anyone have any overall Mm. Mm. Yep. Mm. Well tha that first point could uh also be an op opportunity because in seeing that teletext is becoming outdated, some sort remote control that can work with the Internet there is the opportunity that's presented, I guess. Okay. Okay. Yeah. but but we are sort of being dictated that this should only be for the television. So we're quite fixed. So we're really probably, in terms of marketing, are looking for that's uh that's a cost winner rather than a fantastic new feature product. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. But there's also the potential for mark there's a market here for our lost teletext. For example someone that just goes to the shop that wants a replacement wants it as cheap as possible. Twenty-five Euros is the selling price, we really have to innovate here I guess. Mm. K yeah. Mm 'kay. Okay. Okay I think that the last point is probably quite uh straightforward. Obviously the the w it has to be branded. 'Kay. On the product yeah. Can you handle that black and yellow? Mm. Nah. So we have three presentations, and I think we'll go in order of participant number here. So we can have a look at the working design first from participant two. That's Okay. Mm it's enough. But uh click it on off? Do we have an idea of costs of different components? 'Kay. Mm 'kay. Do we have any ballpark figures for that yet? No. 'Kay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thanks. And we have participant three, which I believe is Pedro. I can give you that to click on. And you wanna get View a slide show, that's what you wanna do, yeah? Just go up to view. Mm 'kay But I t I think what the the management recommendation was less that there's a worry that teletext will become outdated rather than we shouldn't have it. So I I still think if it's cheap enough functionality-wise to include, it really should be in there. Because otherwise we're just going to I mean even if it's necessary or not, if you if you're given the choice between a t a remote with teletext or without uh when it really if it i if it isn't more expensive for us to k make because as far as I understand it, it can be operated with the same set of buttons, yeah? So it should be in there. Yeah. Okay. Isn't Well maybe what we're getting into here is the the idea of uh Internet through the T_V_ for example. So that might play on what we can do. Well you have digital T_V_ still already. Well there there is a for example on digital T_V_ systems you have you can press a button and you can buy things in adverts, and you can uh you can view through a catalogue for example. A a family member of mine has got a system where you just um you can Yeah, and there's other features for example on other systems where you can pause live T_V_ and things like that. They're just features from the Internet uh from computers are are coming into the T_V_ sort of under the covers, but you still use it through a teletext. So now the things to think here are that that there's gonna be more functionality, potentially that we can handle. Mm. But still there there's an opportunity. If if it's, for example, a trainable one then we're just simply having like an up, down, left, right, an okay button or something like that might might do as well in future proofing it. Mm. Okay. Yeah, and neither do I in fact. Bu uh. I'll communicate that back to those guys there a a and th the message really we wanna be sending to them is that, although teletext may become outdated w there's no l logic in not having it in there anyway i if it doesn't affect the price. Um but I I think what they're pushing us towards here is in terms of thinking of ways to future-proof our system for future systems that have something else other than teletext maybe. I dunno I'm Mm 'kay. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. So if we're keeping it basic we're loo loo what we're looking to sell it basically is it's uh just being very easy to use, looking exceptionally good, that sort of thing. 'Cause we really don't have anything else there, do we? Mm-hmm. But i if design if design is cheap and functionality is basic, then twenty-five Euros is probably a high price for a commoner garden stan standard T_V_ so the place uh remote the then the place we're going to justify that cost is through through design through making it a a sleek elegant high-priced basic remote. Does that make sense, huh? Mm. Yeah we probably should. We we're doing alright for time. Yeah. Okay. Sorry that kinda cut into you there. Mm. So we are looking for something that looks good and just works, rather than looking for any special features. Is that Mm. But we can talk a little bit more potentially in the marketing marketing presentation about this. Be a good idea. Uh sorry, I didn't mean to cut in. I'm not the boss. Okay. I think that's probably a question more for for this guy here, yeah. Is it? Okay. Mm. Hmm. Okay. I have a question uh for you. Does any of the um the features that Pedro's spoken about here have any implications we might not have thought about on in terms of just pure functionality? In terms of making it work or the cost of that or Okay. 'Kay. Cheers. Onto participant four. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Now the the question is can we make this for less than twelve-fifty per? We we well do we necessarily have to change the end cost because uh Can we dl can we do that without uh changing it twelve-fifty per product, if we basically can sell more based on this? Mm-hmm. Yeah we we can certainly push for a more expensive product if that's gonna be Nah, I think we can say with certainty now that we are supporting teletext. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. And and th to get to back to another point, sorry uh uh for cutting in but, I th I think it's important to remember that that this remote has to work with multiple T_V_s, yeah, 'cause it's selling on its own. It's not going to be specifically for Hitachi T_V_s or or whatever. So technologically, if I understand it, uh T_V_s T_V_ remote's working exactly the same way as video remotes and D_V_D_ remotes. All you need to do is train them to the individual one, all you need to do is is know the the f like some four-digit code. So saying that it works with all T_V_s is equivalent to saying that it'll work with D_V_D_s and other things. Oh okay okay. We have done this. I see. Mm-hmm. And I I'd Mm sorry. So we really can't chase that. We're really looking for something basic. The the one thing that that that you said really struck a chord with me here in that we're we're carrying the corporate identity with the product, but we're actually looking for a large profit at the same time where I'd be inclined to go back to upper-level management and say like let's just cut down our profit expected on this product because we are actually branding our company here. We're selling more than just the product. We're trying to get mind-share about uh Real Reaction to to the people who are gonna buy consumer electronics. We want people to eventually say, oh that's that's Real Reaction that's a good m make. It's reliable. And and we're gonna make it we're gonna win mind-share by uh either being a fantastic product or for it working, it just being good, reasonable-priced, and solid. So if we can make if we can put an emphasis here on it not breaking I think that's in itself an extremely big thing. We only have a few minutes left. Is twenty-five Euros a mid-market price for a remote? Okay. Okay. Well I'd be inclined to say, if we can make the design better than any comparable remote while reducing the cost, then that's the way we really should play it. If we can take it down to you know fifteen rather than twenty-five and make a low profit-margin on it, but we're really doing that to sell the brand. Yep we have five minutes left. Uh rather th uh to to to sell for Real Reactions. And I can communicate this to to the more senior uh mm people within the company here to to get a reaction. Well how does everybody feel? I I think The other the o the problem with that in my mind I just think off-hand as a as a consumer, would I wanna buy that? And I think maybe not because I've got a remote and I'll take it to different chairs, I'll take it to different I w I don't wanna go over somewhere and put it down. It i if it is gonna be somewhere that you put it down then it needs to be at the side of your armchair, and that implies that there's only one T_V_ user. So it's very good for some people but it's not a like But it it takes away the ease of use of the remote to a certain extent. You have to l sort of remember. You have to d shift down the side of the couch to find it and put it back and Yeah. I d I d I d I think it it in my mind it doesn't seem like something that oh I'd really want uh because of that fact. But I I don't know, that's just my opinion. Mm. 'Kay. So what do we think maybe we should Pedro, do you have any opinion on it? Really need to wrap up now. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I mean there's al there's also remote controls I remember that that worked uh, this hasn't been done in a while I think, but th as a as a watch. Yeah, there is remote control watches um, but I think they're a sorta eighties thing, so it might not be easy to market in it uh but the the technologies came along and it might be cheaper to make now. Those things may have been inexpensive for all I know. Gotta cut up. Mm. The last remote you'll ever buy. Well if if we're going down that then we can we don't need to go the it it strikes me that the locator feature might actually be uh quite expensive to make. Whereas actually just putting it in a power cradle might not be too expensive at all because that's just done with mobile phones you can just n we we have said we have actually similar products that we can take from and potentially cut costs there. Um need to look into whether we can do that but uh I think we we have some m mobile phone-based products uh checking quickly our Internet. We really need to finish up here. But uh Yeah we have the the power-adaptor products. We sell power-adaptor products. So for example there's nothing stopping us using that technology. Yeah. Yeah I think so, without it being too In fact we can cut costs through using the manufacturing that's already gonna be in place here. Okay. Yep. 'Kay. Thanks guys.
Yeah bu but we we're designing only the remote, we not design the T_V_. So uh we're gonna be removing the teletext out of any T_V_ that we people use our remote with. So it's kind of a stupid decision. So then the double R_ will be our our I tho I tho I thou I think Rol Ro Rolls-Royce might mind, but don't worry. Yes. I Hey mouse. Open. When we're fighting over it's also more lot more fun. Uh. This doesn't work. So yeah function design. Um you guys know me, Pedro, and um what I found is we want to do fashion and I think, honestly, we should keep technology low and just simple basically and try to aim for design. If basically a case will will cost the same if it looks good or bad so we ma we have to make it look good. Um something cute and small. The big chunky remotes are died in the eighties. So we should just go for something that people will like to actually look at. And um although mo most people will buy s televisions and everything for uh that have loads of loads of little functions and everything and they mostly end up using simple functions and little things and most the people won't won't get too mad of actually having to go the to the s to the television to, for instance, tune in their the stations. There's no need to have that in the remote. So um um as for what I would recommend for uh the the interface design, and uh I will change the colours on the on the logo, but um we should go for the user-oriented device, so simple controls and good ergonomics. Um and uh although I th I th I'm still here recommending the teletext so I'll remove that, I guess, but um we should go for the Yeah. Yeah the they're basically aiming at saying that you would use you know a couple of years ago teletext to be the easiest way to check like for uh uh the scheduling and the next programme and stuff like that and now Yeah and now you can c look it over Internet. But I still think teletext is way more convenient until until we have the same commodities. Yeah, but it's not happen yet. Yeah. Yeah but we we don't we're not aiming a command for that. That's the thing. And all of those require the other commands with more complexity and more software and Yeah but we would increase the price to try to make it a trainable one, so Well I dunno. One way the other teletext was there but I guess we can remove it or, you know, make two separate interface designs. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but we're not putting some there's no no putting anything in in the place of teletext. That's the problem. Yeah. No just I I would I would advocate for continuing teletext and those would be the basic commands. Um as for, you know, the the case design uh maybe I'll come up with more concrete ideas. Right now it's just the idea of simplicity and slickness, cute and small um Yeah. Yeah mm. Mm-hmm. But we th that should be design. That should be the design basically. I think technology we'd we we're not in the price range to do it. We don't have the money to do it towards t f technology so we should we should aim at design. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah y y you you wouldn't The interface will be different. Good design. Uh we should keep it simple, mm medium-low cost mar um cost area and uh make it look good. Yeah, complicated but Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah they are not simple. Yeah. Yep.
Yeah. Well uh what comes up for me is that if we're gonna if we're gonna be marketing a product that is going to be uh having no teletext, people are very comfortable with the idea of having teletext and using teletext, and so we're not we're gonna be a new product without something that people are very comfortable having right now. So that's, from a marketing perspective I I see I see a lack. And so we have to go, I think, in the other direction. What are we gonna have that makes this thing better than Right. Yeah. No, I I agree with you. So what I'm talking about is I see that one side we're eliminating something so we have to come up with another side which is, what are we gonna be targeting our market uh that identifies our product as better than because it doesn't have teletext it has ta-ta-ta-ta-ta. So that's that's that was my reactions. Yeah yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah. 'Kay. That's right. I think we take with you. That's what I'm that's what I'm talking about is is that we have to find something that is gonna be very attractive about this product 'cause somebody, some people are gonna be hap unhappy 'cause it took they can't ac access their teletext. Okay. 'Cause we're talking about eighty percent or ninety percent or ninety-five percent of the televisions out there are are teletext. So so it's it's not that I'm criticizing the product at all. It's just when we eliminate that then what do we bring? What are we bringing in to take the place of this, and we have to d in my opinion we have to double up. If we lose one we need to bring two or three. So you have this? Now is would this be considered just a standard uh um This is not this is not cutting edge technology we're talking here. We're talking about existing technology. Nothing is being modified or upgraded or new discoveries. Okay. Okay. N okay. Mm. Mm the shell? Okay. I have maybe a silly question. I in the very beginning it said with the with the advent of computers there's gonna be the it's gonna be out-moded teletext. I I don't understand how those two things are connected. How does how does computers and teletext h how why is one eliminating the need of the other? I don't understand that. Okay. Yeah 'cause, yeah, I just I don't see the cross-over between computers and television. I mean I do see the cross-over in some sense, but but but but with the the remote is is used for television, okay. So so if we make the cross-over and we're gonna view television on computers then we're then we're losing the the necessity of the remote. S Okay. Okay. Yeah I don't I don't see the logic. I I don't see the logic in elimination of teletext, I just I I but I'm not a tech-mind either. I just don't see the cross-over between computers and and and 'Cause we are designing something for a television, okay. We are selling it to an existing market. That's Yeah, and and, yeah, and and we're also marketing a product. It's what I'm seeing is a is a mid-range cost product. So so w we can't go and pump a whole bunch of technology into this thing because all of a sudden we are gonna have cost overruns. So if we drop if we are gonna choose to drop teletext, again what are we adding to the product that makes it marketable? I don't I don't see it, and to me if I'm gonna market a product for b for beauty for for design I'm gonna I'm gonna try to market it at a much higher price. I need to make it special with a high price tag. I don't want to make it economically uh g uh competitive. I want I want to market it as exclusive. So I would market this product it at eighty-nine Euros and come up with some really beautiful exterior design or something th but but I don't think we have that flexibility. No I no I I understand what you say, but what I'm what I'm, okay we probably need to move along, but my my concern is trying to find a marketing niche for this product, and if I'm coming in with a with with twenty-five Euros, which is mid-market price, um then what am I going to give these people for this? So that's just my question, but we can keep talking. Yeah. Oh P Pedro, I just want to say quickly I I would really like it when you can come up with some more bells and whistles, eh. You know sell uh things come to my mind is uh uh something that's uh um voice-activated. I know we're getting into some, I hope, some big money on this thing, but Is that for over here? Okay, alright. That's 'Cause uh and I think of voice-activated I think of of how many times I've I've lost my my remote and I can't find it. So some way that I can I can find my remote by clapping my hands or something uh and and so so um But this 's just something. I'm trying to find some bells and whistles 'cause when they talk about tel taking out teletext, it's like, what are we gonna put in? What makes this thing attractive? And it's only for televisions. So we everyth our our competition out there has got these these multiple adaptors where they can use 'em for their V_C_R_s, their D_V_D_s, their their televisions and we're coming out with one remote for television only. And so to me we have to make this a really special product I I I don't s I really have to say I don't see the market niche for this product. At this price I don't see it yet. I'm I I go along with this, because this is what we're given to try to market, but I I don't see the market niche for this product without without some really sort of something really special to identify it as as unique in the market. Yeah. Okay. Have to do you have to do it in the box? Okay well, so so that's up to you then to to make this box in something that's absolutely extraordinary. Maybe make it in the form of a gun. We can sell it in United States. Well you know for marketing f marketing for me is uh and uh how do I go here? Okay. Go go. Is that right? Ah-ha. Yeah, what for me is it um I d I don't know what I'm marketing right now, okay, 'til you spoke and when I wrote this, I don't know what I'm marketing. I just know that I I was identified as a a we identified ourselves as a as a developer, as a manufacturer, and as a as a um distributor t to other wholesalers. And so the th the twenty-five Euros that we've identified as the sale price is a wholesale price rather than a retail price. That's what we decided here. Um so what I did is I I decided that that this this needs to be a product in a in a sense can market itself. So what we've identified here as our main marketing stratagem is is in design. We're making the most beautiful attractive uh whatever we decide it is. So that means we have about seven more minutes or ten minutes left. Um so I would like to have a product that that we can sell easily. So I say inspiration, so having something beauty, something attractive, uh something that in a sense will sell itself. Uh innovation I think fits into what we're talking about here with design. Uh cutting edge technology, I don't think we're gonna have that, these were ideas I was putting together, um unless we come up with some New Age product a as far as the casing is concerned. I I wanna make this thing something that I can identify as special in some way, so maybe we can have some I I talked about environmentally sensitive, uh maybe we have a product that can be identified in some way as advantageous in a home. I don't know. These are just thoughts. Uh I wanted to talk about uh who we are as a as a corporation, that we're new, we're aggressive, we're competitive, we're we're trying to provide a product from a new perspective rather than from an old corporate line. So to me it's about selling d uh our identity our corporate identity along with the product. Um what I found is that the projected costs are competitive. Uh we're kind of in the middle of the market, but what I'm seeing is that the market is ready for I I identified new technology, but again, because what I see is budget restrictions and limitations, I don't know that we can bring any new technology into this thing. If if we could have a technological something Mm p please. Solar. But solar Blah, I like it. I like the idea, but we're talking about in cost is gonna probably double. But boy, we can sell this thing, because there's no batteries, it's environmentally sensitive, i we can identify it as a safer product in some form. Yep, that's right. I really see But the cost i No no. No no, we have t we have to change the end cost. There's uh I mean I don't see it anyway. Yeah, that's gonna be up to these guys. I my reaction is no, but Well, see I I see I I'm an advocate to make this an exclusive product. You know, let's let's sell this wholesale for for fifty Euros, sixty Euros. Let's make this thing really exclusive, environmentally sensitive, uh high-tech design, uh ergonomics, all of this. Just make this thing uh, yeah, the the the Rolls Royce of of remote controls. Every home's got to have it. If you don't have one, hey what kind of remote do you have? Oh you've got one of those, oh fantastic, I want one of those too. I just don't have enough money right now. Yep, one one thing I don't understand is h they've they've given us this package, okay. Now uh in my opinion we need to give them a package back, okay. They say they say okay here you go. They gave us a fundament a foundation of of what they want, and and w it's our place to kinda analyse and evaluate. I don't think it's our place to create their product for them, maybe it is. I don't know what kind of role we have in this in the corporate ladder uh, but to me it's like, okay, you have got your here's our ideas, okay. And then let them look at those ideas and they say, yeah well, we can we can raise the price twenty percent, you know we like this idea, this idea no, but to me it's it's about a choice, do we follow their directives or do we make uh presentations back and and then and then discuss? beca I I do not I do not see the market niche for the product that they're handing f handing us right now. I don't see it. Right. No I understand that. Nope, they've identified the product as not working for anything but televisions. They've identified this product limita That's why I say I don't I don't see the market niche for this. If we if w if we were going to have a product that worked for D_V_D_s, V_C_R_s and everything, then I can see the market niche, but we we're only identified as going for televisions without teletext. And it's like whoa we ha in my opinion we have to go with something that's extremely exclusive to make this thing marketable, because who wants just a television remote? I don't. That's right. I I I have a tendency to agree with you. I really do. That's why I say I quest I q I question the marketability of the product. I really question where we create the demand. W okay if you if you drop the cost, now if you make if you make go to the other side of the cost scale, and you make it less expensive, then all of a sudden now we're going into an a a new market area. So we can say low-cost uh uh um uh good design, beautiful, wa-da-da-da-da-da. But what I'm saying is right now we're middle market. Yeah for for multi for a multi-function remote, that's a mid-market price. In a discount right now you can buy 'em on sale sometimes for about about uh eighteen, nineteen Euro, and that's for the multi-functions, uh D_V_D_, V_C_R_, uh catch-alls. And and they have 'em in a little box in the middle, and and this is the consciousness that most people have about replacement remote controls. So to me, to market this a t only a television remote control we have to change consciousness. We have to have something that will change people's thinking to identify this as advantageous, and I don't know what that is. It's gotta be low-cost or high-cost with with special design features. Or my d I mean I I well we g we're talking about the other end now. I like it. I like the idea, but we have t we have to find out Well. Mm. Well, I think again it's it we have a cost issue here. You know if we're gonna go in this direction, to me we're going to the other side of the cost range. Are we gonna make this selling selling the cost as a high high-tech uh um environmentally sensitive whatever, or are we gonna go to the lower side of the range? Again I don't see our market niche in the middle for our product yet. I don't see it yet. W a question I have in in a 'cause I I I think I agree with you on, we gotta make it a box. The box is gonna sell it I think, the outside, the casing. Can can can we have multiple designs? Have a modern, have a traditional, have a you know, and so so instead of them all looking the same, people can have maybe four or five different designs they can choose from. I don't know what that creates cost, or Yep one over another. Yeah, okay, I hear that. What ab what ab what about a a remote that's that doesn't maybe look like a remote? Just an idea. Just just okay 'cause I mean we all know what a remote looks like on the outside. They're selling these things everywhere. Maybe that could be part of our design exclusivity, is we make a remote that doesn't even look like a remote it it opens like a telephone. Doesn't matter, yeah. I'm just jus I talking about some something to make this thing unique. It That's the thing, I'm gonna keep thumping on. I'll sell whatever you guys design. I don't have a problem selling a product, that's not the issue. I give you ideas, you guys create the product. Once you have the finished product I'll find a way to sell it. Don't worry about it. I just give you these things now, because these are my thoughts and feelings. No no. One thing I just thought about when you were saying that, is that the p our target market is gonna be someone who has lost or broken We gotta stop? Who's lost or broken their their remote. So how many remotes do they wanna buy? Can we p can we sell them a remote that can maybe guarantee they will not need to buy another one? And so with with with this kind of system or locator or something, to to think about, how have people been been losing or breaking their remote? How does this happen? And and then and then design the product, maybe some component of the product that can identify this as the last one you'll ever need to buy. uh we can make it in the shape of a coffee pot. It's uh just it's that I think it's telling us to stop our meeting. So we have the c we probably have have on-line in our in our system, we have the ability to create this, we're talking about. A charging system. If if we can create this we have probably five or six or seven really strong marketing characteristics. No that's not what I want, I want Oh look it here.
Yep. Right. I think one of I think w, yeah, one of the things that we should also keep in mind um when we're doing this I mean our company's slogan is we put the fashion in electronics, right. So I think our kind of our target here is to have some kind of very like sleek nice look remote and we want it to be functional as well, but I think one of the main selling points is that we don't want it to be clunky like like this thing here. You know we don't wanna a big clunker. We want something that looks nice and it's fashionable and so That's fine. Okay so so you all know me, I'm the Industrial Designer. And we've some basic components that um our remote is gonna need, just basically every remote'll need 'em. We need some kinda of power d power source. Um we have to decide on our our user interface, which is his department, but the in user interface is also a major component. Um we need a programmable digital signal processor to um to take the input from the user and translate that into uh into electronic signal, which we pass to the infra-red L_E_D_, which you aim at the television uh which and it receives that signal. You need a on-off switch um I don't know how that got in there. And uh we also need to um have the if we want a universal remote we need to have encryption codes for the different makes of T_V_s. So we need to know all the different you know all the different signals and so that'll require some memory as well. Um so here's just a basic layout of how how the remote would work. You ha the v the power source is in the upper right-hand corner there, and you can see that uh we have the user interface here which is connected to the chip which does all our signal processing, and then passes that signal on to the infra-red L_E_D_ and that signal is then emitted and received by the television at the photo-transistor. So those are the basic components that need to go into this and everything else is pretty much uh open to move around. I think any des No. Right I think Yeah this is just this is just a basic layout of ev of all the components that w w are gonna be absolutely necessary f to have a working remote. We can add things in like if we wanted some voice recognition, I mean that I mean that you can kinda say would would fall under the user interface and the digital signal processing chip. But Um well the most the most costly components are gonna be the chip and the uh th it could als basically the user interface and the casing are gonna be expensive as well. Um the L_E_D_ and the the transistors and everything else are you know they're they're pretty cheap. So depending on what we want our functionality to be, um the chip could be expensive or it could be cheap. Um depending on the n amount of memory we need in there and stuff like that and h and h you know how much power. Uh I don't have any figures right now. We uh we have to wait until we get to a more specific design phase for that. Um but and I think a significant part of the cost could be the actual the actual casing itself and and you know the the b the buttons and things like that, I think. Yeah. Basically yeah. So yeah. That's all I have really. Click, don't Yeah. Mm-hmm. Right as far as i it's just uh the cost of an extra button. I mean software-wise there's really no difference. I think. Scheduling. Um to find out what what you're watching even if there's commercials you know. I think I ha I agree. Well for me Yeah. Unless you have a Yeah. Mm-hmm. I think a lot of that's proprietary anyways. You're not gonna be able to, you, like command a TiVo with our remote. I don't think. I think if it's possible you should try to you know have a talk with management about that. Just you know Right it's just not Yeah. Well Right. I'm just thinking you know with all these universal remotes that are out there, how many people how many people actually use every feature that ar you know i like these trainable remotes and things like that, where, you know, it's just so confusing to do to use all these functions. Where I think the largest portion of the market is just gonna you know they lost their T_V_ remote, they need another one that'll work with their T_V_. They want something that looks nice, that that that isn't gonna break when they drop it, that you know that maybe it's it's ergonomic, it feels good in your hand, something like that. I think that's gonna be where you're gonna find the biggest, you know, market share. I think the more bells and whistles we add, it's just gonna cut into our into our profits. Because I think as we as we add costs for things like uh for like if we add the voice recognition and things like that, I think you know what percentage of the of the um of the market is actually gonna use that? Maybe five percent, you know, and how much Right. Yeah okay. I'm sorry. Sorry boss. Yeah. Well it's kinda both of us. Us us user interface. Mm-hmm. I was thinking about that. Then your lights would go off, though. Yeah. Right. I don't I think all these things are pretty standard. I think we'll be okay. Mm you can just click. No no no you just get off that. You just click anywhere. I have an idea. And it's kind of along the s lines of environmentally sensitive, and it may even fit into ergonomics, and even kind of address the issue of losing losing the remote, what we were saying it's a common issue. Um what we can do is, well you know that batteries throwing a aw remotes run through batteries like crazy. Right? And s for some people Yeah. Well maybe not a solar remote but instead what about if we had like a power cradle? Like a a cradle that is is there to hold the remote when you're not using it, so you'll always know where the remote is 'cause you have to put it back there to charge the remote, and we can, instead of having instead of having, you know, replaceable batteries we'll just have a power cell that stays there for the life of the remote. You never have to get go through the go through uh all these different batteries. And also you can I I think it's a good opportunity for the user design or for not just for the user design, but also for the just for the look and feel of the remote as as a whole. You know you could have some kind of neat little, you know, a sexy design for d a cradle and the remote itself. It w it would increase the cost. And you could page the remote if you lose it. Maybe there's a button on the cradle. Well what I can do is I can d look into ho well Pedro and I can look into how much this might increase our our costs and you can look into what kind of effect an increased cost is gonna have on our on our final numbers. I I Yeah. I just don't know about that, because in order to do that in order to price it at that kind of level I think we'd need to have every functionality that all the other competitors are offering like being able to operate, you know, the D_V_D_ player and, you know, the stereo system and all that. Which is a pretty basic function that w we've opted out of. And additionally we're m maybe not supporting teletext um But I do think there are some basic features that we don't have that a lot of other remotes are going to have. Mm-hmm. I don I I d I have to disagree though. I think our market niche is basically people who need who have lost their remote or uh who've broken their remote and don't wanna send back to the manufacturer, they just wanna run out to the store and get a remote, and then they're gonna look on the shelf and they're gonna see ours is the nicest looking remote. It does what they need. These aren't I I think that it Right. Right. Mm-hmm. Right. Well here's Right. We he well here's my thing about that. If you're in the market for this ultimate remote, you're not gonna go for just a television remote. If it can't control if it can't control your your D_V_D_ player and a al if y if you can't get that all-in-one ultimate remote, that just you can throw all your other remotes away. I'm not gonna buy a d seventy-five Euro remote. So I think what we So that's what I'm saying Mm-hmm. I think that's big. I think so, yeah. Yeah. What about um the idea that I had with the cradle? How do you feel about that? Or how does everybody feel? No, but I that's the thing I I don't think it's necessarily the other end. Mm-hmm. Right. Well it lasts it would last for several hours on its own power, but when you're done with it you put it back in the cradle. Yeah well it Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well the the problem with that is we may end up with a whole bunch of inventory of a of a poor design you know. So Um but what we could do is some kind of well I mean Yeah we we need to, I mean, have a few designs to look at and then come up with something that I think we all agree is, you know, the best fit. I think w what's really important is it has to look good, it has to feel it has to feel good in your hand, it has to be durable, it has to a and I think it's really important that it doesn't look cheap. I think I think we have to make sure people look at it an and feel like it its like a quality remote. Even though the cost may be low. Mm-hmm. Or what if it looks like a pen? Yeah. A pointer? Yeah. Yeah. So just to touch on m my point one last time that I had brought up. Um I really un unless you guys are die-hard against the fact that um it's possible like it reduces the usability of the remote b and the fact that you can't lose it on your own, I think it still might be a good idea to investigate having like a power cradle. Because I really think i in a certain sense it almost like for me I would want to have that just, because I know at the end of when I'm done watching T_V_ that when I'm done, oh I better go find the remote and put it back where it belongs. Maybe th th th that's just some people that like that. A lot of people As a watch? Mm 'kay. Mm-hmm. That's what I was saying. Exactly. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And also presumably they've Exactly. Yeah. True. Right. Yeah. The locator'll definitely be more expensive. Mm-hmm. Right. Right. I think one of the things that we can put right on the box is, never buy another battery. You know, something like that.
";"The Project Manager reviewed new requirements for the project with the group and discussed their implementation. The Industrial Designer presented the basic components of a remote control device and how they work together. He showed that the size of the chip they will use is dependent on how many complicated functions are included. The User Interface Designer stressed that the project should focus on a simple design for the device. The group discussed not being able to include a teletext component, and that the product design would have to be the main selling point of the device. The Marketing Expert discussed his marketing strategy for the project, again stressing the attractiveness of the product design. The Industrial Designer proposed including a battery charging stand with the device but it was decided that it was not a useful feature. The group continued to discuss the marketing strategy for the device as it would not include many advanced technological functions; they discussed including a guarantee for the remote and using a unique form factor. "
"Think s Mm. Pro Probably not, 'cause he's 'S been listening to too much. He's getting retarded. Yay. Or not. Yeah. Apparently I'm old as well. Presented by name. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. Yeah there's a thingy and a dingy and Nah. I wanna change that. I like the kinetic. Oh interface concept. Very long presentation. Well that doesn't bo bode well for it for it tats as well. Um so, somehow that thing's too big, but um okay um our uh manufacturing division wanted the speech recognition. They say they could put it to work but um we don't think so. No. It it it you'll be you know be affected by the by the other speech and Yeah and and fighting for the remote would not be fun anymore, and I think that's one of the things we wanna keep. That kinda would r d yeah. That would kind of lose it. Yeah so um taking that away, our uh the the the rubber but rubber buttons are the more reliable it's the the ones that would al would allow us to to market our product as being you know less prone to damage and more resistant to things like spillage of liquids over it or you know mistreat misuses as it happens to remote controls. Um as for the point that we making about losing it. Well, we wanna small r remote control one side because uh we want it to be cool and uh designed, but um apparently um market shows that bigger s bigger um remotes get less lost, about But um yeah I think we we need to compromise between those two and somehow we'll do that. Somehow. Um so the the what I would propose is something more or less in the uh direction of what is to yo the right of that slide uh but without with a l a less complicated um design, so the numbers, the volume control, and channel control, and teletext access. Uh the volume and channel control can just become those the the four button array as in if it was a round dial. And um if you just think about it as the one to the right but with the numbers and the four buttons plus maybe a centre one with teletext. Ye no it's not i i it's just four buttons that are on a cross, so that you ba basically can control all of the important tasks from that alone. Yeah um yeah so I think we w we go for something mid-sized, so something looks good and uh is not too prone to get lost. That be it.. But would we I dunno. I'll bet first in volume maybe. I dunno. It's only a T_V_. Hmm. Mm-hmm. No it's just different. Maybe not. S Yeah. Yeah I think we have like and it's not very usable and it will bring down the robustness of the whole thing, 'cause it's it it breaks down easier. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay so we'll come up with something between thirty five and fifty that is rug rubber, robust, with scroll wheel, with the new facilities of the scroll wheel like favourite stuff, favourite channels, and and with a cradle, and yeah and the locator. Or not. Okay so you can market pe depending on that? Cool. Hmm. Yeah I think it pretty much everything's covered. Coulda been worse. Yes I am.
Rock and roll. So do we need to re-train Mike on how to put his mic on? Okay, can he get it all by himself this time? So I believe I can fly. Just what I needed was something exciting. Remember, I'm an old man. Thirty's really young, eh? Jose he man is. N name. I've I just love you tech guys, huh. They just Yeah y do jabber. P Yeah. I I gotta I gotta flashlight, and uh yeah but it's interesting 'cause you shake it like this. Like this. And that's on the camera. Yeah. I g I I figured you would. Yes. Yeah. It it it Uh. Uh uh to me in a marketing sense it's not it's not relative. We can we can o we can uh accentuate whatever whatever product you put in there we can find a way to accentuate it. And if you make it from that super rubber, when you drop it on the floor it can bounce right back up in your hand. You don't even need to lean down to get it. Mm-hmm yeah that's yeah that's what I see. Yeah that's what I see also. Ooh. That's right. Mm-hmm. I dunno. Trend watching I guess. Trend watching I believe. See what it looks like. It's been so long. Well I don't know what to say. When I s when I see the when I see the product I I I I don't wanna buy it. I see so many of 'em out there. There's nothing about that product that makes me wanna choose that product over other products that are out there. Yeah yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay 'cause 'cause right now I don't have too much to say about how to market this product because we don't have a product to market yet. And uh from from talking to Mike is that we have we have uh we can market a more expensive product now. That's what I understand so, hello. And and so yeah I'm a I'm a little bit stuck right now in that what uh w what is it that I'm gonna market? Uh without special or increased marketable features I don't believe the product has a consumer demand. Uh I like the idea of of the scroll makin there are so many people making these products at this price right now. What are we gonna do to make this one special and unique? Uh well I don't yeah it's I I just see it as different. I don't say it's specially mm I don't say it's special. Uh I say that it's different I what I'm looking for as marketing is m give me something different. I give me a lower price, give me a higher price, give me some new technology, don't give me the same thing that everybody else is putting out there on the shelf it's f at the same price. I need something to market about this thing. We're we're a new firm. What i if when when we have yeah when we when we have something like the cradle or or something give that's as as a marketing standard I need something to market, to make this product unique. Yep. Mm 'kay. Just remember when I made up this report I didn't have the information that we're discussing here. And and so so uh yeah when we have a cradle, when we have some kind of design, so what I'm saying is, from my perspective, I don't have a product to market right now. Um uh my personal preference is that we make some adjustment in the cost, either lower or develop an integrated new technol technology. That's that is the next step, there's technology and then there is technology, which we're moving into the next phase. And so uh we're gonna have some new technology to enhance the marketability. Yeah uh again I'm not sold on the product because we don't have a product in my opinion yet. So I need a product. I need a product to market. And I just whatever product you guys put together, we'll find a way to market it. Tha that I'm not concerned with. If you if you give me if you give me a cut-out of what everybody else has then I need to I need to find a lower cost. Yeah wh wh what's the wh Okay now what I see with the scroll wheel is everybody has buttons. So from a marketing standpoint I have I have another door to walk through when we have something that's unique. If it creates something more complex or more expensive, then I don't know if that makes it uh a marketing necessity. But again, from a marketing perspective I want as much new and different about this thing as possible because we're we're co it's a very competitive market. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. I think it's that's right. I think so. Mm. Yep. I think we got some exclusivity in that, you know, we got something that nobody else has right now, and and that means we can we can make some adjustments in the retail or wholesale price if we need to and it also can create it's own demand from it's uniqueness. Yeah. Yeah right now there's right now there's nothing coming out of the T_V_ to receive, so you know unless technology changes and information starts coming out of the a cable box or something there's no s I don't see the, I don't see the necessity of an L_C_D_ either. Don't see it. Again. Well I think it's it's the more uniqueness you can bring to the product, the easier it is, I believe, for me to market. Uh again the push-buttons I I see are are everywhere. And so we can go with the same thing, but we're gonna be com competing in a in a broader market than if we go with something unique. You know the other thing I thought about was you know, do we go to something like this? Make a remote that doesn't look like a remote. It's just another it's just a an idea, and I don't know I mean what I see one of the things one of the things you brought up in an earlier presentation is, when you got children, their their stuff gets inside the circuitry, they get dirty, they get messy with drinks and stuff. This And what I keep throwing out there I just keep throwing out ideas to try to make this thing look or act or in some way identify itself as unique or different. But you guys are the ones that have to c ultimately create the product within cost. Oh okay phew. I think you gotta g get into cost effectiveness. I think if you can have the base station with a with a locator, I think those are two very strong features, if that's something that can be integrated without a bunch of extra cost. Mm-hmm. Integrated, yeah. So it's just uh I I think that's I know personally that would be a very attractive feature, is to have a uh have a button I can push to find my remote control. Or maybe you can like have a a smell-o-rama, you know you push a button and it s puts out a stink. You can Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. W Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I I think there's you know that uh there are so many people today that are that are surfing are television surfers, and I see the scroll as a as a great mechanism for surfing. Instead of going button-to-bu you just j you'd j j j j j j. I really I really think that's a really cool thing for surfing. Well there's ano That's right. Yeah I think so. I I think so. Now the the only thing I I on the interface side of it, is that I I I see the dilemma. But if we have the option of of scrolling at any particular speed, or the option of jumping direct, okay. So I can go uh presuming I have, on my television, something that tells me what channel I'm on, I can scroll direct from channel five to channel thirty two. I know what because it's on the television. The television tells me what channel it's on when I change it. So I don't know that really that's that's gonna be a a d problem, 'cause the television can go automatically from channel five to channel thirty two with the push of a button. Okay? So ca can we can we create that kind of interface within a scroll system? You understand what I'm saying? Oh no we could read it from the television. Yeah the the television can tell you. Can. Put And then. And again we have another another great marketing tool. We have about three we have three or four things here. I dunno and an maybe we maybe even have this as in-house technology. This may be something that's available through our own uh through our own services. Or we go directional up we go we go this we go this we go this way for one, we go this way for the other. Ah-ha okay. Okay, okay, well then you just have, you have a diff you have a mode switch. Yeah yeah. Well you had acknowledged that we have more money for this. Didn't you say so? That's what I mean. We can increase the cost. So I don't know I don't know whether having Well I think th I think the design and technology has to come back and say, okay to create this product we see it's gonna cost us this much for this volume, because we do have a volume target of of fifty million profit. Okay I'm I'm okay with that. I guess what I just want to me the next step is for these guys to come come in with the design proposal w with the cost estimate attached, and then we have to take this to the next level. We have to find cost. Yeah, I was gonna say thirty five to fifty. Because one of th one of the things we're marketing about this product is that this is the last one you will ever need to buy for your television. It's one of the marketing features in this. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. Bas th that's that's easy. That's that's not a, it's a. 'Cause we have about six, six, seven features in that alone. Under the title of uniquenesses. Well I have Is my three twenty one is the next meeting? That's that's almost uh fifty minutes. You guys can You guys you guys can uh create a All kinds of things. Thanks, yeah. Still. Thank you. I don't have any emails. This means I can go home. Oh, we all leave.
Alright well we got some exciting stuff for you guys. Or not. All ready. We do. Alright. I guess I'll go first. Yeah. Component, I think. Yeah. Yep that's it. My name is. My name is name. Sorry I did this in a bit of a rush. So so here's a look inside your really old-looking remote control. Um you've got a printed a printed uh circuit board here, and you've got all these buttons which kinda press down little rubber nubbies into these little holes that activate Yeah we've all broken a remote control. So you've also got um you've got your chip here, your batteries here, and some sorta electronics. Um Well so you've got here's here's a transistor, and this amplifies your signal, um you've got the L_E_D_ here on the end of the uh uh on the end of the printed circuit board. Um you've got a couple diodes here for I don't know who and whatnot. So exactly. So um we've got a i in this in this uh drawing he uh in this example here, this is a eighteen pin um uh chip I dunno. Uh it's two double A_ batteries. This is pretty standard remote. So here are options for our power sources. You can use a basic battery, which we've already discussed, um th our tech department also said we have the option of doing some kind of hand dynamo where maybe you crank it or something like that. I don't know if that's really I don't know we got some qu crazy guys down there in that department so You shake it. Yeah. So that's the next bullet is the um the kinetic provision of energy, so it's like that flashlight where you have to shake it. Uh we've got solar cells, which I don't think is a very good idea because um you could not use your remote at night which doesn't make a lot of sense. And finally we've got our cradle o our power cradle idea. M battery versus cradle I think is yeah. It could be fun. Yeah. Well it is it is more uh I mean it is more eco-friendly than the than the cradle 'cause you're still using power off the grid with the cradle. So um our case design. We have uh choices in materials and choices in the general shapes that we can do. Our material choices are a plastic latex um ty or plastic, a rubber latex type thing, uh wood, or titanium. If we go with titanium we're gonna be uh limited in the amount of shapes we can do because it's tough to shape the titanium, and uh Yeah pers I think wood i I I can't see anybody wanting to use a wooden remote, it's just anti-technology really, you know. Right. And what we may be able to do, and I think this might be the best option is to combine some a couple of these. Um my recommendation personally would be to do some kind of a plastic inner shell with a like a rubber outer shell, to make it um to mak uh like a thick plastic inner shell and a t um kind of a to have that rubber outer shell to make it more durable, and also maybe i I think it feels a little better than the plastic. Yeah um Yeah. The advantages of working with plastic and rubber is w we we'll have a lot more um options just in terms of shape because you can extrude plastic in basically any shape you want. So um and then we can cover you know the breakable bits with rubber yeah so um But basically these are curved and double-curved I I believe that the tech department, in their um in their message to me, that they were referring to the number of th curves in the bottom. I have no idea exactly what they're talking about, but that's what they told me, uncurved, flat, curved, or double-curved. I would guess this like this pen would be kinda like a double-curved, where it's curved on m m multiple axes, right? I think curved means just curved in one axis and double-curved is curved in two axes or surfaces. I have no idea. Oh okay oh like a wave, okay. Alright that makes sense okay. Um okay, with the interface we have the following options, we can u we can use push buttons, we can use a scroll wheel with an integrated push button, and L_C_D_ display, or multiple scrolling wheels. Um so these are all options that the user interface guy can uh has at his disposal to put together a user interface. For electronics, we have these very technical um descriptions here. A simple chip, which is the least expensive, but I have no numbers to give you, a regular chip, which is like the medium porridge the medium expense uh Yes the difference is, with a simple chip a simple chip will operate oh why doesn't this scroll up? Previous previous, okay. A simple chip is required to operate push buttons. Um an advanced chip is required to to operate um the L_C_D_ display, and it didn't say specifically, but I I have a hunch that a regular chip is gonna be the scroll wheel and the multiple scroll wheels. So but yeah. That's the end of my presentation. I think No. If the T_V_ is working, yeah. That's just I mean it'll if somebody says up in the middle of a television show, it's gonna change the channel. So Well then why don't you just press the up button? Even still there's gonna be interf th there's there still will be interference from the T_V_. It might not be it might not be completely confusing, but I think you'll still y it's still I don't think it's practical at all. I think it's a bad idea frankly. That I would believe. Mm-hmm. That's not a scroll wheel. Right. Instead of play, stop, rewind, and fast forward there, that's up, down, louder, and quieter. Trend watching has a later date there. Are you talking about the picture? That's not our that's not our b design, that's just a that's just something he a a graphic he used to show you the layout of what the layout of the buttons might be like. What's special and unique about a scroll? Well right I think the two big th points that we have so far are the having the cradle and also having uh the um the actual design of the uh case itself having like this like rubber shell maybe with a plastic interior, having it look really nice um and also be really durable. Right yeah. Yeah. Well let's get a product then. Well my question is what would the scroll wheel do? Function-wise, what does that do that Yeah. Well it's it's just another way to do the exact same thing that the buttons do. Yeah. Th they are gonna be more expensive, but on the other hand, I mean, it I mean it is an alternative if if you think that's gonna sell some some uh you know if if we're gonna make up the extra cost by extra sales I think maybe it's worth it to do it, but I mean I would just use if I was gonna do this I would just use the scroll wheel for s channels up and channels down. I don't think volume or do you think volume would be No we can we can do multiple scroll wheels but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I'm thinking yeah something like kinda almost like these pens, you know, where there's you have plastic bits and then it's not really rubber but just kinda like a fused the plastic with rubber on the outside. Well no ma yeah maybe a bit more then th is on here but ju just as a kind of an inspiration, these pens I think are are kind of Or from from my perspective I think L_C_D_ is a mistake because this is a universal remote and all you're doing I mean it's you're not gonna get any information back from the television, so the only information you can display on this remote is what channel you just sent it at last and there's just not a lot of information, you know, there. It receives no information. So I I don't see any reason for having an L_C_D_ 'cause it's an increased cost. Unless you can think of something interesting to do with it. Right. Well we have to I think for me it's still not exactly clear exactly what the inter user interface is gonna be. There's the scroll wheel, in or out? What do you guys like in the user interface? Well I dunno about like the flip-phone idea, because I think, as far as durability th it's not a big well maybe when it's closed. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well The The locator's gonna require a radio transmitter, which will Um we're probably gonna have to go with a like a medium chip, s I would imagine. But we I we will need a receiver, an antenna. Yeah. It should be a really simple signal though so That's true yeah. Oh yeah yeah. It'll be really cheap. So the scroll wheel, in or out? For me I think the scroll wheel actually might not be so bad. I don't know exactly what the increased cost is gonna be, but I think he does have a point, i it might push somebody over the edge when they're looking at our at our remote versus something else, when they see this one has a scroll wheel to go up and down on the channels. I think it might be kinda neat to be able to do it like that. Sure. Well I think wh what it would be is like like the m like this, where it's maybe you know a digital wheel, right, where it's where it's quantized into you know certain That was that was my my intuition of what the scroll wheel would be. It's just it's basically it it's just a f look and feel thing. It has the same exact functionality as two buttons. Yeah. Now just just so you know though uh you did bring up a point which is very valid, is a lot of T_V_s won't re the T_V_s won't respond exactly the same. Some of them are gonna be kinda slow switching, so you may like queue up like fifteen channel changes, and it'll be like flip, flip, flip. But Right. Yeah it just might be frustrating where you can't make it go as fast as you want, but I think once people get used to it I I do like the idea of the scroll wheel though. I think I know what you might be getting at, or or Well, what about this what about if you can programme in your favourite channels into this scroll wheel and you can just like roll through your favourite channels, and it c it Why? It'll tell you when you flip the channel on the T_V_. Yeah. Well you just it's one extra button. You say programme start, and then type in 'cause you still have the typing you know you'll still have the keypad where you can type 'em in manually. So programme start, zero, one, enter, zero, five, enter, thirty eight, enter, programme end. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh well we also have to determine in some manner how to switch between modes, between going through your favourites list and just hitting up one, up two. No because you wanna be able to go up and down through the channels. Right. I think we'll need a we'll need a mode switch, but then if we have a mode switch we're gonna need some kinda indicator to which, an L_E_ an L_E_D_ okay. Okay. Okay. Just so you know I think I mean it was my understanding that before we were gonna stay in the mid-market range. It seems we're kind of approaching a higher-end range. I wanna make sure everybody's okay with that. Okay. I just wanna make sure everybody's on board with it. So Right. Well y yeah. Let's let's try and think now, how much would you pay for with all these features how much would you pay if you went to the store, and you were in the market f to replace your T_V_ remote, how much would you pay for that? I'm just asking you. If Then you could probably afford this. Oh no no. I would say thirty five to forty. Okay. Right. With a cradle, radio transmitters, and back-lit buttons. And it's gonna look sexy. Or not. It might look like clay. Probably. We'll let you know when we're done, if we can go earlier. Yeah. I don't think so. If we have any questions we'll just email you I guess.
Afternoon guys. It's gonna be. Oh. 'Kay. We may do. I dunno, I'm feeling like a big boy. 'Kay, ready to go? 'Kay so we've got our conceptual design meeting. Hopefully we've all got exciting ideas now. Uh k exciting ideas. 'Kay so here's our agenda our agenda. Um I'm gonna open. I'm gonna talk for a bit about what we're gonna do. I'm gonna take some notes. We're gonna all do a presentation, and then hopefully we're gonna make some decisions now. Yep. Well when I say hopefully, we have to. So I'm gonna let you guys talk before we make decisions. And does anyone really want to go first? You p two? What's Components design. Your name is name? Huh hi name. Right. We've all broke a remote control ri um s yeah. You press this and it does th I dunno who and whatnot. 'Kay. Okay. 'Kay. Mm 'kay. Okay so we basically have battery versus cradle here? Okay. So we have battery versus cradle It's actually a novel thing because you could sell it a as a novelty, just to be actually serious for a minute here, you could Mm. Hmm. Wood wood would ge would give us a little bit of a marketing niche, wouldn't it. Nah. Okay. Hmm. Okay. 'Kay. Do you get a good grip on the rubber? Yeah okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I think it might mean something like that sorta shape because a double curve rather than a yeah that's what. Okay. D do we have actually any concept of what the difference is between a simple chip and an advanced chip? Okay. Okay. Yeah that makes sense. So presentation from I guess design would go best. Next. Technical functions or interface concept? Yeah that's it. Yes, but it has your name on it. But what if you actually had to press a button to make it recognize? So if you pressed it and went, up? Man yeah. But if it's just one thing with a button that you can just go Up. Yeah, okay. Okay. You guys know your stuff. Mm. So we're suggesting doing a sorta scroll wheel thing for the volume? Nah. Oh okay okay. I see. Uh, okay. Okay. 'Kay. So on to Y functional requirements or trend watching? forty six nineteen fifty seven. Yep. Mm. Upper management said yes. Uh e excuse that, that's a bit of spam. It's cool. I'd I'd say though that we if we did make the decision to go with the cradle though, the then we have that as well, but wi with a similar Mm. Course. Yeah 'cause that's. Mm. Mm 'kay. So now So our big questions here really are cradle or not cradle? Do we go basic or do we go for features? Uh d does anyone really wanna do anything with the scroll wheel or should we ditch that off-hand first? Oh but that was in your presentation so wh what would you imagine it doing? Mm 'kay. Yeah. What I understand about scroll wheels is they're they're quite expensive to to make. So I d Well I d I like the idea of basically focusing the my personal preference is focusing the p the product on the idea of the uh the case the the uh dock to put it in to to charge it. We can target like environmentally friendly ideas, that sorta things. It s i m makes it easy to market, it's easy to differentiate the product, yeah so. And if we we keep the rest in a format that is durable because th th the whole product's gonna need to be more durable th thus because you're not going to be ditching it as often. It's gonna need to be more expensive because of the cradle. So if we can market it in terms of that and yeah well So our big decision then is like how do we do um like we have to decide on the details and we have to decide on well n not exactly the details, but d do we have uh What type of casing? I personally like what you were saying about the plastic with the rubber. Okay. Just a very thin sorta sheet for a a grip, sorta thing or for Okay. So then if we d d do we want to do anything more basic with the uh more advanced with the user interface in terms of do we want to go for um buttons, or do we want if we're ditching the scroll wheels do we want to go L_C_D_? Do we want to give do we want to have anything else on it? Okay. Okay so the question is now I guess we need t to decide on well y you guys basically have to now go and figure out the details of this thing. So, what we need to know in terms of marketing and uh project management are are there any other questions that we need to answer now before you guys can go and build this? What what overall things have we not decided on? I think maybe in terms of marketing, is that gonna make enough of a difference to justify the cost? Yeah and I guess th th the question th th that you're being asked right now is whether is the dock enough of a unique feature to be able to go out and sell that a a as a a very different product, or do we really need the scroll wheel as well? Because the scroll wheel comes at quite a cost. That's gonna n is that gonna need a better chip as well? And it's presumably gonna need a little speaker in it or something like that as well to beep. But I guess a little tiny speaker is gonna be quite cheap, it's not gonna need q quality, is it? It's Makes your living room more fresh as you watch. Okay we're doing well for time here. Um we've got about another ten minutes. I think that uh Mm pr my personal preference is out. I don't think the cost is justified for a little bit more uniqueness when we already have that, and I don't s think it's obvious and natural how it would be used. Mm. But then that that surely d depends a little on the T_V_ because some T_V_s are quite slow at changing channels from like so if you've got a scroll wheel and you s you have to scroll scroll it really really slowly just so that you're actually keeping in pace with the T_V_'s ability to to change channels. Or do you have to go through and you wait for it? You scroll it a bunch of times and you wait for it to Mm. Uh I see I see. That's where you Ah I see I see what you're talking about now. Okay. Yeah if you're just sitting there going That's kinda cool actually. I like that. Well not n necessarily. You could basically make it so that it'll I mean it's just gonna be sending a signal to the T_V_ yeah the T_V_'s ge so if you send about five flip channels, if you did that it's gonna flip once. If you do that. Other than click click click. Yeah. And if we're marketing it as a high niche product, then we're gonna be selling it to people who are buying good T_V_s as well, yeah, presumably. Primarily. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh I see so if maybe if we had an L_C_D_ up the top that just did a number on it, right? And then it that basically Mm. Well that's quite cool. You'd need a display on the th the thing. Oh yeah yeah no I see what you're talking about. Yeah that's kinda cool. How would you program it though? Okay okay. Okay and yeah and that just basically flips between it and it'll go it sends out zero, five, and then thirty six, and then zero, one again. Yeah that's kinda cool. I like that. That's not gonna be too expensive because that's gonna be you're gonna be able to nab that off of computer mouse manufacturers really. You could basically come up with a partnership to be able to produce that quite cheaply. Might be, but tha that's not gonna be such a costly feature. The problem we're gonna have is making it robust. Making it last. So if there's a button for each type. Yeah people are gonna have their favourite sorta, whether they do that or whether they Yeah yeah the mode switch. Just the lights behind the buttons. You could have back-lit buttons maybe. Would that work? Is that okay we have five minutes. So right details th that we've talked about here are that we want a scroll wheel. We want a mode indicator. We want back-lit buttons. And if we're making back-lit buttons period, do we want that just for the mode indicator or maybe to indicate what button you're pressing at the time, so that you know if it's actually pressed or not. I've seen some remotes do that. I think we are yeah. Yeah well we don't have it's not that we have more money, we can push up the the price. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. So we really need to be sure as to what we can push the cost up to, though we haven't got to a stage where we're ready to pin down the price of components. But I'd say what sorta price are we looking to be able to sell something like that, and what sorta price can we make it for? Yeah no I I think that's where we really should be more flexible than anything else because as we said in the last meeting, our management is really looking for us to push our brand. We're entering a new market here, so I think the the profit expectation for this one product is maybe not as important as being able to But th what's our ballpark as to what we'd be able to sell something like this for? But you've gotta think who our target market is because I I'm not our target market. I'm a student, but on the other hand I would think, mm with my Project Manager salary, I would think yeah I could probably afford this uh would I buy it? Maybe. If I had a cool new T_V_ and this was r looking really slick and it had the dock and it had the scroll wheel, which I think's a really cool idea, that would sell me on it a little. Then maybe you know. I do I don't think I'd go over a hundred Euro certainly, that would be way too much, but the I would be happy paying over forty for it, I guess, but not much 'Kay. Thirty five to fifty Euros is our sales bracket okay. So the question is what we ca we make it for. Mm. That's why the scroll needs to be really robust. Yep. Okay. The next meeting starts in thirty minutes, although does it? It starts at three twenty one, the next meeting. So we've got more than a thirty minutes. Um we've got more like fifty. The the ne next meeting is three twenty one yeah. Yeah that is. Uh they've they've changed the times from the presentations. Okay so you guys will be getting your modelling done now and uh Okay are there any other questions with regards to what this thing's gonna do, look like, how it's gonna work that need to be addressed before we really look at this in a lot of detail? Okay. Okay. This one was quite easy. Always the optimist. 'Kay thanks guys.
";The Industrial Designer presented an overview of the internal components of a remote control device. He discussed energy source and material options, and suggested that using rubber and plastic would be the most versatile option. He displayed the three options for chips. The User Interface Designer discussed voice recognition with the group, and the group decided to not use it in their design. He suggested using rubber buttons because of their durability. He discussed the size of the device and the layout of the interface, and suggested that the remote be moderately sized to prevent its getting lost. The Marketing Expert expressed concern that the remote lacked enough features to be distinctive. The group had a discussion to decide on the product features. They decided to include a charging stand, to use a thin rubber casing material, to include a locator function and a scroll wheel with two channel-changing options to increase its usability. The group discussed the cost of the various components and decided to sell the device at a point between thirty-five and fifty Euros. The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer were instructed to construct the prototype. 
"Uh 'kay. So Yep. Okay so we're here to talk about the detailed design of the product, 'kay? And here's the agenda for this meeting. Uh I'm just gonna open, say a few boring words to start with again, and start taking minutes afterwards. You guys are gonna give us a presentation of our wonder product that I can see some demonstrations of over there. Looks cool. And then we're gonna evaluate it. Then we're gonna talk about finance, and I've got a lovely Excel spreadsheet that I knocked up in the last five minutes for this. And uh yep. And we're gonna evaluate the product and close. Got forty minutes to do this in. We should be fine. Let's try and keep this one on schedule. So Your thing is in where is it? Is it in Who wants it? Zapping your favourite channels, eh? Oh okay okay. Ah 'kay okay, that's favourites. Ah 'kay. I like the the the the logo on there as well. It is very prominent. So this is the Okay. Ah, okay I see. It's pretty cool. Is that could that be easy to for the scroll wheel to be rotated if it lands on it? Oh well I guess it depends on the stiffness a little of it. Mm. Feels good. I take it that this is gonna be slightly lighter in the final design as well. Yeah it's kinda cool. You have to reach a little bit don't you. Ah yeah that wouldn't make sense. It's cool. I'm impressed. And hold it so wh what's the marketing perspective? Okay. Mm it's impressing. So let me get it, if I press this button I see. That's pretty cool. Hang on. I plan to do that as well. So the the two blue are are those for the the it to charge off of in? Ah okay okay. Yeah it's the right shape isn't it? But maybe if you had a trigger plus the scroll then that would get past the the problem of it landing and scrolling, 'cause then it would need to be hit on both sides. Okay. But it's definitely got options for like different types of models and things as well based on that, hasn't it? So is that the the final colour scheme as well or? Okay. The hmm. It came off. The scroll wheels, a problem with them not being sort of I don't think the user interface guy wants to touch it anymore. Mm. Okay enough of that. Well i it's cool guys. 'Kay so are we done with the this presentation? Okay. Now now. Have you? Okay. Can I not get your get at stuff from your shared folder now? Oh I see I see. Do you would you a argue that that we're better going for the higher cost than bringing it down into twenty f five as we probably could, but lowering our profit margins? Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay. And we're actually quite open to be able to expand the product for a later version with those features quite simply anyway, aren't we? Th there's no fundamentally different technology to do that. Hmm. Yeah, the plus there's the the risk of making it unusable as well, or making it less b because at the moment it's actually very straightforward to look at all the buttons, you know what they do, it's very simple, and it just works. Mm there's a risk of that. Okay so we can talk about finance now. So I have a little spreadsheet for us where I I was wondering, you when you talked about the fifteen point eight Euros, I was wondering how you came up with that figure? Okay so I have bit of a spreadsheet here for this. Now I've made a f few assumptions here in that I'm assuming that our power adaptor we can make for a cost of four Euros, equivalent to solar cells, which I think is probably fair considering that we have in-house manufacturing of power adaptors already. Uh and I'm assuming that the locator beacon, the you know the Can be made for it sounded different that time uh can be made for a similar price to uh an L_C_ display, uh an uh Uh do you think that's fair coming from a m the manufacturing?. Okay. Yep. Okay. So we're down to sixteen point four, yeah. Is that a single-curved rather than a double-curved? We're not entirely sure what single-curve versus double-cur You think? Okay I'm convinced. But we save one Euro that way, yeah? So we come bring it down to Fifteen point four. Well hang on. Do don't speak so it's in here, in that w do we have any we have special form don't we? So that's yeah. But the the the we haven't talked about any special colour though uh I don't th if we're going for greys and silvers then I don't think we're O okay so we're Push-button, scroll wheel, we're basically we have uh th is this intended to be a button as well or just a scroll? Just a scroll? It's not one of the scrolls where, for example, with this one you could push it down to be a button? Okay then we have fifteen point eight Euros. It wasn't bad. Okay so we're on to the We're on to the pat-on-the-back part of the presentation, where we have a look at the criterias th that Paul the criterion criteria that Paul has has given us, and we can use that to tell How's it going? Anyone got any thoughts? How how have we done today? I think we did pretty well too. That looks pretty spectacular. Any other chang uh thoughts? Okay so th th what about um room for creativity? Is it the. I I think we we ended up being quite creative there. Mm. Not every idea necessarily, it's still a remote control. Uh no yeah but we did we did break with the specs a little bit I guess, but the uh 'Kay leadership, what do we report back to the bosses? No th th I think they were r reasonably flexible with us over the whole changing the specs thing. I agree. Synergy. Teamwork, yeah he is uh. What did we think of the meeting room, I guess is an important thing here. Mm. Yeah, this falls off and uh the white board worked really well without any pro Mm-mm, lapel. Wha okay, oh, alright. That's it's down, it's quite close. Keep it, keep it calm. Oh dear. No more pizza for me. So yeah the the pen came in alright and it's a little uncomfortable to use but I guess it works. Nah, I'm I'm not convinced of that at all. I've been wor I've been wondering about that all day, but see these look like they're that looks the oth that looks like it would be that way around, but it feels more comfortable, wh what you call upside-down. I don't care. Uh okay so that data might be slightly invalid. What new ideas have we found? Well let's do both then. Uh for the product? Yeah we came up with quite a bit. And for the meeting room, Has anyone got any more Yeah less sore on the ears. Okay so Are the costs within the budget? Nope. Oh hang on it really that's something we that the costs were under twelve fifty Euros. No requirements are changed. We're still under twenty Euros to build, so we're good. And the costs within the budget? Not the original budget, but they are now. Is the project evaluated? Mm I think so yeah, then celebration as it says. Oh I don't know how that got there. Uh anyway. Thank Thanks guys. Yeah, I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on too. Oh.
Put on your mic. Boss. Yep. Alright. Three, three. Pedro can have it. I like I'll help talk. Unit price. Scrolling through your favourites list. It's very prominent. So here I'll give you the so this is the cradle unit, and this is the actual remote itself. Um so the scroll bar is or the scroll wheel is this this green little scrolly guy here, um and then the volume controls are here and here. Uh you've got the keypad which is the numbers uh f from zero to nine and then ten. This is the power button. Uh we have our um we have the enter button and uh what was the other button here? This is the teletext. The programme button, yeah the programme button. So this bl this button will be used both for the favourites and for programming your uh the um the type of television you wanna use. So um the plastic is the white area of this of the model here, and the red area is like a rubber covering. So you can see that when it lays like this or like this and the buttons are all gonna be rubber, so it's pretty hard to actually damage it um Yeah that might be a possible a mi uh possible problem, but if you drop it yeah. Yeah and it depends on if it's sliding, but I think it's pretty ergonomic. You can feel it. Yeah of course. Well this is clay. Yeah the the power button is a bit of a reach, but I think we might scale down the final model a bit. These this is a bit larger than it would be, but Mm Pedro can demonstrate the the paging ability. Beep beep beep. Um beep beep beep so beep beep beep beep beep beep be shut up. Beep beep beep okay. Um no no no tha that's alri Exactly that's exactly what those are for. And um there's one other feature that we were debating, but we decided to go against it, is um you could beep beep beep we were thinking that it might be interesting to have a trigger button here because you have this finger it it's it kinda feels like there should be something there, but we couldn't figure out what button is important enough to put there. And we we don't wanna accidentally be hitting the power button like that so Mm. Right. So maybe in a final design phase we might tweak that a little bit, but Mm-hmm. Oh no this is just what we had to work with at the time. So we'll leave the colour scheme up to the marketing people. Careful. Beep beep beep. Yeah. No way. Beep beep beep. Mm-hmm. Well, that was just just our technical team added up the um production costs of the individual units. Oh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah um I do think we that we we uh don't need the events chip on print, we only need the uh the regular chip on print, so there may have been a m miscalculation in there. And we and we have a single-curved uh Uh I think that It's single-curved, yeah. See it's a little bit more than f single-curved. So yeah it's fifteen point eight, that's where we came up with it. Okay. Yeah we do. Ah. What do you know. Oh it's a that's not very special, it's pretty If th. That's a scroll. Uh no we just use it as a scroll. It was a pretty accurate estimate I would say. Yeah. S 's kind of s frighteningly accurate. What? I think we did pretty well. Sh I think there was plenty of room. We got a couple innovative i Couple innovative ideas. Mm-hmm. Yep. There was a lot of synergy. These cables suck. Yep. Yeah. Lapel. That's our boss. Pedro's right. Pedro's right. Oh wel Well we had the favourites list, and the scroll bar, and we have the cradle, and the r uh remote call feature. All right. Good job guys.
So you forgot how this works again? Boss. Hmm you knocked it up? Thi third third third. The end product thingy. Yeah.. Um yeah so what we ended up with. Production costs estimated by our manufacturing department and um the research department, which is us, is uh fifteen point eight Euros, someone forgot the units there yeah, uh unit price unit production price cost thing. Um we implemented the basic functions, which is just T_V_ functions plus the locator, which was one of the marketing things, cradle, scroll wheel for uh the the channels, and uh we implemented the f the the way of putting the new and revolutionary zapping, your favourite channels functionality, in the scroll. Yeah. Zapping you know zapping. Maybe it's just a Portuguese thing. And um yeah that was the result. Start s the the start uh to to to programme yeah. Not helping. Don't have no one to handle that. Yeah. So you ha you have like the the base station with um the little button for the where's my remote. The locator function. Wicked isn't it? Ja. Nah. It fell off. W we need we need we need s some more buttons if it would to work on some other stuff, but We we w yeah we could get another version of it that actually works. But uh Very co very colf colourful. beep beep beep. Yeah. We don't It's a scroll. Yes. We're wicked. Awesome. Yeah. Yeah. That was mm-hmm Yeah. No. Yeah. Basically. It was more of a teamwork thing then really leadership based project was Teamwork. Yeah. And that's D you must have very long shirts. That's way far down lapel mic. Lapel lapel lapel. That's almost a crotch mi cr Oh dear oh dear. 'Cause this is you were using it o upside down. Still that Use them like that. Bunch of new ideas. Yeah comfortable headsets would be nice. Mm. Coulda been worse. Mm n no. Hooray. Free coke provided at the cafeteria. Who wrote that one? Cool.
So so so. Maybe. Maybe maybe maybe. Bra Mm that's oh that's oh I like it. I mean you guys gave me more than I was asking for, so I'm happy because we've got some really marketable features in this. Yeah I think it's good. Good good good job. Uh pla I'm ha It's great. That's great. It's a great feature. So you can take this ho take this home with you tonight and you can push that and he'll be across town Uh, I can see that. Yep I like. Good job. No no. Well I mean of course, I mean My my s my suggestion is we're gonna go go to the silvers and blacks like most of the televisions. You know some blend of silvers and blacks. So you're not gonna find my uh my folder up there I gotta do mine up at the board. Yeah yeah. So No it's not in there because I had the computer problem and I I I cou I couldn't create it. I couldn't create it in the PowerPoint, and I think I've got this really strange cable. So what I had, basically going from the PowerPoint format, is that uh yeah yeah I like this a lot. Is this one of the tests is to see how we can adapt to s changing situations in the in the meeting room? So what we had is we had the method. That's not how you spell method, is it? No A_.. So this doesn't go so fast this way. And when I speak about method I speak about the marketing of the product huh. And uh to me with this product we got uh we got basically three things to market. We've got the features, we have the uh characteristics, and we have the I I don't know what we would call the other part what we call you know the the the corp corporate Help me. The the corporation stands behind the product, okay. So the features I think we got the scroll, we've got the uh the locator, we've got the durability, we've got the dependability, we've got you know the features that make this a unique product. Um the characteristics I talk about, we have reliability, we have comfort, we have ergonomics, we have environmentally s sensitive. Uh and the corporation, we're talking about we're we're a new we're a new company. We're wanting to make a name for ourself. We're wanting you to uh find our product so we're gonna give you a good product at a fair price. One thing I would want to to see is uh is can we can we get a lifetime uh guarantee on this product, a normal use guarantee, which means that this product, for the for the life of of the life use, if it should have a technical problem, that we could re replace it at no cost? That was something I would be interested in. Um so yeah without uh going into great details, we have a we have a product, it has the features and the characteristics, and the background, I believe, to make it marketable I believe at a cost of of of thirty thirty five to to fifty Euros. We're gonna be competitive, and we're gonna we're gonna have a market niche. Um w That that would be uh that would be I think a decision best made by corporate um I I m for my evaluation, based on what our competition is, I th I think that that we can go after this and and and go after more of the uh exclusivity sense than the mass market sense. But I'm sh I'm sure open to to market this in either direction. But you guys came up with a great product, and at that cost I think it uh there's nobody else that's putting this this combination of of ingredients together. The only limitations I see to this is that we're focused on television only. Uh that's the only that's the only drawback I see to this. But with all of these other features I think people c one thing I'm I'm hoping for is people are not gonna even notice. There's gonna be somebody going home and say oh sh this thing doesn't work for my D_V_D_ and my but I like these other things, so they keep it, they don't take it back. Well one of one of the thoughts that I had is can can this unit be be produced in a way that makes it upgradable? You know uh like like a um a sim card in a in a um in a telephone. You know is there a card in th can we make a card and so after Mm-hmm, but you follow what I'm s I'm s Yeah 'cause if if we can make this unit upgradable then we're yeah but then we talk about changing the warranty concept and everything, but that's that was just an idea I had. Uh to me the only additions Yeah. Yep. But anyway that's uh Mm-hmm. We've got a we've got a curve and a droop. I don't know whether that. Ooh. No, I think we come up with a with a attractive marketable um product and and concept. Yeah well we we we kinda broke we kinda at least adjusted every every criteria they gave us because we d we still have the the teletext capability in this thing right, we raised the price of it, we've added two t new technology to it. So you know you know if this thing flies then we've we've adjusted or broken every every idea they gave us. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. But I like I mean when I say we have we had I believe we have room for creativity 'cause w this is we did it. Cohesive yeah. Yes synergistic yeah. Yeah. You know you know what they're gonna have on the recording in there from that microphone is your lunch digesting you know th New ideas f uh for the product or for the the the the environment or what are we ta Oh. Well I I mean clearly remote control microphones would be the would be a nice solution to all these cables, but I'm sure that there's there's some justification for these things that I don't know about. And of course I did not have so much fun with my computer this afternoon. It's not been uh it's not been cooperating so well, but I don't think that's the that's avoidable. No. Okay. So we need to close this meeting, yeah bravo. Congratulations. S I've got a lot of paperwork to catch up on so let's close this and come back and 'kay.
";"The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented the prototype to the group and displayed all of its components. They demonstrated how the locator function operates. They suggested that a trigger button should be included in a later designing phase to improve the feel of the product. The Marketing Expert gave an evaluation of the product and felt that it satisfied his criteria. He suggested including a lifetime guarantee and expressed concern that the remote would only be used for televisions. The Project Manager discussed the final production cost with the group; after an analysis of all of the components the final cost was 15.8 Euros. The Project Manager then led a discussion about the group's experience on the project. The group felt that they worked well together and that they had room to be creative, but only after they changed many of the initial specifications. They also had difficulties using the meeting-room equipment. They were satisfied with the increased final cost and budget. "
"So yeah I think you can do it. Twenty five Euros? Yep. Yeah. That's me. Okay. Yeah. No I'm user interf I'm user interface design. Okay. So what's the difference between user interface design d industrial design? Yeah, I think so. Okay, so I make uh u user interface. You you de you implement the core functions in the Use it. Make make yeah. Maybe I think uh uh i industrial design's uh, it's the function design. I design the user f user interface, you design the function. Yeah. Okay. Yeah yeah. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. And uh simple. And easy to use. Ah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah, you try. Try first. You can draw something which is very simple. Oh, maybe we should bring Kemy here. Kemy is really good at drawing. You're going to draw? Okay. What's this? It's a fat cat. Can you draw uh um rabbit? Oh, hat ha rat. Yeah. Yeah, it's okay. Mm. Okay. Oh. Okay, I draw. The only thing I can draw is like this. Oh. Oh. Oh. No. What's this? Okay. Okay. The only thing I can draw, because it's very simple. Oh. Okay, be careful. No problem, no problem.. A person? Dog. Okay. Okay. So we have break. Oh. Hmm. No. Okay.
Yeah. Mm-hmm. So right now? Mm. It's reasonable, I think, yeah. Those things just refer to each of each of us, I think. AMI and okay. Okay. Okay, and Marketing Expert, it's me. You can manage all this, yeah. Good. Um. Not really. So which you, the Industrial Designer. Okay. Yeah. I mean, you have to know. Ah, you have to know it. It's your job, so I hope you you know what it is. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Well. You know. Oh, okay, okay. Not the other one. Yeah, I'm just go I'm trying to give you some trends about what should be done and what the users would like to have and then thi this would I guess converged to the User Interface Designer wi and then Industrial Designer. Mm. Mm-hmm. And you have to keep it under twelve Euros and f fifty, so. That's the problem. Mm. It's clear. Yeah, maybe should go and draw an animal. Many Yeah. Uh it's the same as mine. It's the fat cat, okay. A rat? That's difficult. Yeah. Just go, you you the closest to the whiteboard. Jus Yeah. A duck. Pikachu. Oh yeah. Bugs Bunny one. Okay. I go. What? Oh. So what else? This was my favourite one, but Right. A fish. Oh yeah, doesn't look so fine. Okay, it's your turn. Mm. Good. I think it's done. Yeah. Oh, we have twenty five minutes for the meeting. Okay. Know what time is it? No. Good.
Ah okay. It's Ada Longmund? Maybe someone ha we have to this whiteboard, yeah? Yeah, I don't know. I it's it's reasonable, s quite yeah. Twenty five. Is Yeah. I I hope so I_D_ is for the Industrial Design, yeah? And U_I_D_, it's for the User Interface Designer, yeah? AMI yeah project. you will be the manager yeah. I am the Industrial Design, yeah I am the Industrial Designer so. It's difficult. You know very soon. So I I think the user the user interface design is he will design how the user will you know the relation between the user and you know the remote control so And the uh industrial design, it is how the object will look like. Yeah. So the materi Okay right. But I was thinking that he's a user 'cause the user interface to design for example where the but button will be, you know. But I don't know. Okay. I'm the industrial designer. So. Okay. So and the marketing expert will Ok Okay. It should be There was a step about drawing something in the in the board, I don't know. Is it? Are we supposed to do right now? Oh right it's it's from the left to the ri It's I d I was thinking but I n I'm not sure now. Oh Everybody I think everybody should do it, so. It's not matter So. yeah. It's a It's a cat. It is not a fat cat. Yeah, it is a Yes you have to draw a rat if you want a rat. It's your rat. Okay, go right, but in grow, it's everybody has to grow What are you I don no idea, so It's a rabbit. It's not so bad so. So you don't have a A fish. That's a that's a fish? Okay, let's try to draw something. Have to be really careful. Ah it's my turn. Okay. So. It's ok So, what can I draw some more?? No. Mm Yeah, it's it's a se it's my priority this one. Yeah. No. It's a really crazy dog Okay. Transfer. It's a dog in a village. So what are you sug going to do now? It's done? Oh my God. Yeah, it's okay. We have an idea yeah. I have an idea of my job so yeah so. Yeah.
So we can start? Suppose I have to do my presentation. Eh um So, I'll present myself, I'm Ada Longmund, and as you may know it, I'm the pr project manager. So um we will have to um speak about m the project. Our project project is to create um a new remote control and as you may know there's lot of industrials interesting in creating a remote control, so the remote control has to be original, trendy and um user-friendly. Record. So the project method is the following. So if we're um the functional design, you have to do uh any individual work and uh also work with uh meetings talking with each other. Uh it will be the same for the conceptual design and also the same for the detailed design. Uh. The tool training is to try out the white board, so Maybe you can draw your favourite animal and make a list of its favourite characteristics. I don't know if we have to do it now, maybe later later. So the selling price of the product will be twenty five Euros. Yeah. Yeah. I think it's quite good price, yeah. And uh it will uh be a an international remote control, as we want to sell it in the entire world, and the product costs will be not more than twelve Euros and fifty centimes. So, as you will discuss about the remote control you will have to experience your um with the remote control. Um just uh maybe be imaginative with remote const con controls, try to create something new and people would like to to buy. And and the next meeting will start in thirty minutes, so you'll ha all have your spethisfispis specif specific role and you know I suppose you know what you have to do. And uh you will have to work on the design and also to work on the design of th technical fun functions of the remote control and think of the user requirement specifications. Yeah. I_D_, yeah. So So I will manage all all the group. So you have questions? So you all know what the parts of the work you have to do. Mm-hmm. And you? Mm okay. Hmm. I suppose you have to design it and you have to take care of the industrial way to transform it. And i maybe you will transform it. Maybe, it is the outside and the inside. And yeah. And when designing y the remote control just remember that uh it has to be a kind of international product. So you don't have to do something really specific, as everybody everybody will have to use it, it's sor the same as keyboards. You know, you have Qwerty, Azerty, French and U_K_ keyboard, so really the remote control to be international. And not too expensive. As we want to maximise the benefit. Yeah, you have to keep in mind that the product cost won't be maxim more than twelve dot fifty Euros. And to be sure that really people will be interested in buying a new remote control with maybe new functionalities that don't exist in the mm existing remote controls now. So, is it okay? So you think we have to do it now? You want me to draw something? Product manager okay, let's go, I will try. No. A mouse is not too difficult. Mouse is okay. You love the eyes. Yeah, that was the eyes. A clown. Rabbit. It's a rabbit. Yeah. Thank you. You forgot the chips. Fish and chips. Of Oh.? Oh yeah. Yeah, I think yeah. Just have to present project, discuss a little bit about it. Yeah. So, if you have questions. It's okay? You know your job? you know your job? You know your job? Okay.
";The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team members and discussed the roles of each member and the selling price for the remote they will produce. Then the team participated in an exercise in which they all drew animals. 
"Mm-hmm. Marketing Expert. Mm. Okay. Yeah. No sure. Uh it's David Jordan. Course. Mm-hmm. No, no. Uh this one doesn't want to be moved, I think. So, I dunno, it's maybe difficult to have both, I mean the the one on the right doesn't look so simple and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then Yeah. Oh it should okay, yeah. The user should know. Yeah, that's gonna be the trick. Okay. So that's the point. Mm. True. Okay. What the cost is? Twelve, twelve a half. That might just So. Okay. What's the average price of this technology then? But this is what you would like to ask the user first and I don't think the user would be ready to have a I don't think well, yeah, I don't think he would, but in a sense The wire? Yeah. True. Uh that's my job. That's the Now the Yeah. Well that's actually one of the point, yeah? True. This you will see in my presentation then. Yeah. Which is participant four. So just trying to answer all the questions, if the user would be happy to have something or something else uh. We've made a study, so could you go to next slide. Sorry for the functional recurrence. So that's the standard method for marketing, okay. We had one hundred subjects, um, we observe their remote control use in a lab and then after all the experiments they had to fill up a questionnaire, um, and see what was okay or not for them. Okay. So then it's some statistics about what we observed and what they answered. Um actually seventy five percent of the users find m the most remote controls uh ugly, okay, so that's Yeah, the the look is is bad for them so uh it's your job, David, maybe. Then eighty percent of users would spend more money um actually if if the remote controls were not so ugly. So this is where we could have uh yeah, good market, I guess, if people are ready to pay more. So it's it's interesting information, I think. And then um yeah, the remote controls like the one you've shown previously it's not so doesn't fit the user requirements sometime, because it's too many buttons and so on. So we should change this as well. And uh users are actually zapping a lot, so they're using the device intensively, that's something to take into account as well. And um, you know, ten percent of the buttons are actually used in the remote control. And uh this is one of the main point for me. But I'll come back to it later. 'Kay. Could you go next slide? Uh, so as you said uh, remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. So this is from the experiments we've done, so if we could solve this problem this would be interesting for the user, I think. Um it takes too much time to learn how to use the remote control for thirty five percent of the people. And uh remote control are really bad for R_S_I_ problems for twenty six percent of the users. R_S_I_ is like, when you're using the same um doing the same movement several times, then you get injured. Okay? So, those numbers are less important then the previous one, but still it has to be taken to count. So last slide. Um so my pres personal preferences for this problem is we have to meet the user needs. If we can make it look fancy then we might sell more than our uh concurrent, okay. And definitely if it could have less buttons, still maybe the same number of um functions, but less buttons, this would definitely be a good way of selling more. Okay. So Yeah, remember the user is not happy to read the manual. It's Yeah. Yeah, this is something we sh But this was first step and This was the first step, yeah. Specially distribution, yeah. Uh Yeah, but this is what we would ask to the users, so. Yeah. Yeah, remember it's twelve Euros. Hmm. Yeah, it's done, just yeah. If we would if we could remember like, not too many buttons and make it look fancy, I think it would make it. So. Lame, or Mm-hmm Yeah. Mm-hmm. So has to be yellow. I don't think it's part of the remote control design anyway. It's maybe more in browsing. Yeah. Hm-mm. Mm-hmm. Min Yeah. Regarding the first line, what So we're just expecting no more use of the teletext. And that's it. It's already changed for Mm-hmm. Industrial Designer. Yep. Okay. Yeah.
Industrial Design. One one. Three three, it's three sorry. In one, sorry. So you didn't save it maybe. Alright, so David Jordan? Mm-hmm. Too great for email then. Yeah. To merge the two system huh. Mm yep. But But this is Yeah. Yeah you maybe you have some international standards, where you know, if you can use one is the other are or almost the same, so the sign. Yeah, yeah. For example, I dunno here, escape, you know, you have escape in computers you have, so if you see escape, you know that it should be the same. So you have to The sh the user there for example the power off button it is something very international, you know that So. Yeah. So. Yeah, but the question is how to merge you know the Google system to the system, alright. That's your job It you Okay, okay. Participant two. Yeah. The rationale must be design, or So we can move to the next slide. As you all know, you know m my job is to design you know uh to give an industrial design of the remote control. So the re basically the remote control will be, you know, infrared control, so the problem is how to relate the how to relate the remote control device, like for example this one I h I'm holding in my hand and the T_V_. So, this one is leather bu based but I propose a nifra infrared base you know, so so for me I think that it is better it's bet it's better to control T_V_ so you know, so it's it will be cheaper and it is less technology than, you know For the cheap price we have, for the cheap price we want to I think it's cheaper than laser, so. Yeah, I think for the cost we want for the cost we want it's better to have uh uh Let's see. Yeah. You can move to the next slide, so. So the di the differen the findings you know what you find inside the re i the the system here inside it is just, you know a bulb and an infrared bulb, so here for example the infrared bulb will be here and the bulb it will be somewhere inside. You can go to the next slide. I have some kind of pictures you know, here. You have the b the bulb, it is a blue the blue stuff here and the infrared and the infrared bulb it is the red stuff you know and so and you have the other subcomponent that are not really here so important, so. This is in fact some other component that are in between the electrical de the electronic device. Look. But here what I wanted to emphasise it is just you know the bulb and. So and the next slide, it is the last one it's So it's I think it should be wire wireless re remote con Because you know, it's easier to manage and you know because you f the b the the battery problem can hold you know will you use a battery or the a wire to connected you. Or maybe some kind of thing that we can have both, but you know, I at my side prefer a wireless. Okay, so if you have some question I didn't answer? Well the avera the average prices I think that this technology will cost, I dunno, around eight Euros, so. Or at least you know, the You'd yes, you can. It's so so bres you have to decide how how you will you know, put some energy inside, so you can think about wireless or you know it's it's a question that we can raise, so. We can think that you know, with the wire, you know, without a wire. We can have both also. Yeah, but some pa I always want to have you know, sometime I want to have wire because you know. Uh, I don't think it will be too much. Have to think about the question, you know, 'cause it's I think that you know you can always you know I think wha wha with the wire it's mm cheaper but you know the wireless it's more practical, so. Okay, yeah. Yeah but, it should be an agreement, you know, because even if you can think of the wireless, it is it's it is the job of the the the g Graphical User Designer, but you know. If it is a lot cheaper and if you want to reach for example some the the money you have, if you want to use, so it can be good to have a wireless, it it is a question. Right, so. Okay. Mm-hmm. The look, how it look like. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. The manuals. With a Look fancy. This is a question that should be asked to the If you ask the people, maybe the the marketing people. I think the solution is to have many colours of you know instead of having one grey standard Yeah, yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, hmm. Yep. So. Yellow. For cheap remote control, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, 'cause what I'm thinking is how will you will connect the T_V_ to internet, so. This is Yeah, but this this mean that your T_V_ would be able to, you know, connect to internet, you know, surf the web. Okay. It's pop I don't think it's popular, so that's the problem so. You had i if you are designing a remote control for you know the global usage, so if people don't have the technology. Yellow? Do you think that people like the colour yellow? I think if you have you know th like a yellow ribbon here is the double R_. Or should be. Yeah, so. Doesn't need to be completely yellow, but just mm. But I dunno, but why, nobody's a threat to me. Industrial Designer, yeah. Component component, yeah. Good. Okay Okay, that's clear.
So, I will open our functional design meeting. So, I will play role of the secretary. As also Program Ma Manager. So, we will have the three presentations from the In Industrial Designer, User Interface Designer and um What's your talk? Marketing Experts. And after that we uh will have the uh new product requirements, the decision on the remote control functions, and we will close the meetings after. Mm so um I suppose the first to do the presentation will be the User Interface Designer. Um, so you're participant two? No you're No, I'm participant one. Okay, never mind. 'Kay, did you save your presentation? Isn't that technical functions? Name's Jordan. So so I'll I let David Jordan do his presentation. Uh. Mm. So you propose to to have the remote control which will be powerful. So powerful, many functions and very easy to use. You mean this one? Yeah you have to learn the manual before using this remote control, I suppose. Oh you mean for the yeah pic pictograms or things like that? Yeah um such as maybe the Go on, go back and So, you will propose us something which is yeah so powerful and easy to use. Okay. So, next I propose the Industrial User Interface to present things. So you you're Um. Okay. So, Baba is the uh the Industrial Designer. Okay. Mm-hmm. So you mean that infrared control is a cheap technology? Yeah. Do y you know the requirements for the remote control? Twelve, nearly thirteen, yeah. The cost Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. What is this? Okay. Okay. Okay. So you think that uh a cable between the remote control and the T_V_ won't be a good idea. No it wou maybe it will be cheaper I dunno, I just may maybe you making a solu Yeah, but Yeah but as Industrial Designer, do you think that it will be feasible to have uh linked or to have link between the remote control and the television? I'm just asking you. Do you think it will be cheaper? Could you answer please? Okay. Yeah, but I think the wireless problem is more the um David Jordan's problem. As it's yeah. I think it's more your problem. Mayb maybe you have just to to kind of research or try to ask people if they will like something wireless or not. Okay, I'm sorry. So So just think of um the usability. Yeah. Just think of the problem. If when you have wireless remote control and if you lose it? I think it's would be easier to have a link between the remote control and the television, yeah. So I will let you to do your presentation, so. You mean the loo the look, the outside? Okay. Mm-hmm. What is R_S_I_? Ah um okay. Mm-hmm. Mm okay. And just to have uh an idea, do you think you as the User Interface Designer to would it be possible to have less buttons and still have the same functionality and to have powerful remote control, you think it's possible? Sure? Yeah? Yeah. Yeah, but do you think it will be easy to use? Because if you have many functions just for one button it would be quite difficult for the user to know. Yeah, I think the Yeah, but it has to be intuitive. Yeah, okay. Okay, but Yeah, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, but I think it will increase the price of the production of the remote control. If you need to have special colours for remote controls it will cost more. Yeah, it will cost little bit more. And also f Yeah, but as soon as you speak about options, it means that the price increases, and we don't really want the price to be too too high, because we wanna be able to produce it. So, we want something fancy, as uh previously said, Florent, something very easy to use, powerful and also as uh it's written here, seventy five percent of users, they zap lot, so maybe just having many functions in one button is not that good if you want to zap a lot. And they don't really want to zap between functions of their remote control, they want to zap between channels on T_V_. So I think you have quite lot of points to to think about and to discuss it with uh the other members. So, is it okay for your presentation? Nothing else to to add? Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm so So, I had some new information about the product requirements, so you will have to take care of it of it in your thinking, in your designing of the remote control. So the first one is that um for the designing of the remote control we don't really want to use the teletext anymore, as it's something that's It's is uh No yeah, because now everybody has internet at home, so it's better to use internet then teletext. So, you will have to think about it in your in in the design of your remote control, and also the remote control will only be used for television, so for y for you your designing, you're not you won't be uh you won't had um buttons to just to manipulate yeah to control the recorder or maybe the garage door or things like that. It's because if we want to to do remote control which will be used for for the television, for the recorder, for the camcorder and all the others, it will become too complex and it will increase the pli the price and we can't do that. We really want to focus on the remote control for the television. Is it okay? So maybe it will be easier for you to to design it, to have very powerful and easy. And also we want the image of the uh um real reaction be recognisable in the product, such as the colour and s the slogan. I mean that's uh if uh you want to buy a remote control and if you go in a shop and if you see the remote control you will recognise directly that s it's our product. So you will have to use the colour of the product, of the um um of the uh of real reaction and uh also Yeah. As we say, we put the fashion in electronics, so it has to be a fashion remote control. Fancy, fashion, powerful, easy to use. Require lot of requirements, but Yeah. Yeah. But uh that's your your job to find something mm matches. Maybe not, but mayb So. So everybody is okay with the new requirements? I think it has to be yellow. Yeah. Maybe you can change the colour, but the image of the society has to be recognised. Why you go It has to be fashion. So you have to Yeah. It has to be a fashion and really be uh the image of the society. Just when you enter you say oh, oh, it's real reaction. Think it's a re reaction remote control, so. And also it has to be attractive, of course, because if you want to sale to sell the remote control. It's okay? Yeah. Yeah. I think it would be simpler. Okay. So I will close the meeting, um just after that we'll have lunch break. And you will have in thirty minutes individual work. Uh Y you You will have as the I_D_ I don't remember what is industr Industrial Designer to put um pon yeah, and the User Interface Designer to work on the user interface concept. And Florent to work my subject. And so specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. It's okay? I think the um session is closed. And by the way, Mister David Jordan, please record your presentations in your own folder. Not in mine. Should be better.
Okay. Okay. No no no. One. I I think I'm a. In one. It's mine. Mm yeah. Okay. Okay, so. The first I will present the technical function design for user interface for our uh remote T_V_ control. Uh I I will focus on user interface design. Um so move to the next slide. As we know our remote c rem remote T_V_ control it's very has very soph sophisticated functions, as we show from this picture. There's a lot of functions. Over, I think over s twelve or twenty s functions of a remote T_V_ control. So how can we um design a user interface with so sa with so many sophisticated functions? Um, let's move to next slide. Um. Yeah. So I so we want to design uh elegant, easy to use inter interface. A very good example is Google. As we know uh Google it's a very successful because his um powerful function, but with very easy to use user interface. Um so move to next s slide. So my job is to uh design a Google T_V_ controller which I want to have sophisticated functions while with very easy to use user interface. So That's the end of the talk the end of the presentation. Uh With sophisticated functions, but with very yeah powerful. Yes. Yep. Yeah. But if we have very very good user interface it take less time for user to learn how to use it. Yeah, that's my job. That's my job. It's not the easiest I've got to. Yep. Powerful and easy to use. Yeah, that's the point. So what, the wireless remote control? There's a wire with remote control? Okay. Okay. Okay. Wireless remote control. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Design a wireless remote control. Yeah. Functions. Yeah. Yeah, I think possible. Because we can We can uh mix uh several function in one button. So lets you then you have less buttons. But I'm not sure No you you can have a switch menu, so you can well for example Yeah, I think so. Like for for example you can uh you can category the function i i into several classes. Then for um you can have a switch menu, so you put the switch menu to it it tend to this kind of this category of functions. Then you you put the switch button, then it switch to another category of functions. Yeah. For example, if you have remote control you you can rem you can control your T_V_ and also you can control your uh recorder. So there's a different functions, but i if you you there's a button you can switch between control T_V_ and control your recorder. So we can has less buttons. But what I'm not so sure is about how to make the remote control look funny look fancy, not funny. Because different people have a different opinion about fancy. You know. Because maybe a colourful is fancy for some people, but maybe simple and uh uniform colourful is fancy for some for other peoples, so. Yeah, personalised colour. Because you know Yeah, because maybe some people prefer a red remote control, some people prefer black remote control. Maybe we can have di di we can have uh several options, so user can select which colour they prefer, so. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Control. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. But there's balance between function and the cost. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And cheap. A low cost. Yeah, there's that box in uh o of it. A pi There's that box in the T_V_, so with the set box you you can connect internet with your T_V_. Ok It's It's not so uh popular now. Mm. Global, okay. So I I so As as for the colour, what what do you think? Yellow? T_V_ remote control? Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Mm. Okay. Okay. Okay.
";The User Interface Designer discussed  some characteristics and functions to consider in designing the remote and introduced an idea for giving the remote international appeal by merging it with a system such as Google. The Industrial Designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and presented options for components and materials which would keep costs low. The Marketing Expert presented consumer preferences and requirements. The project manager introduced the new requirements for the project. The team then discussed different features they could include in the design of the remote. 
"Mm-hmm. Mm. A nice one. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Oh yeah, that's a good that's a good point, so. One and Yep. Yeah but Yeah but the same can happen even with it you know this kind of remote control because the That's right. It's it's And mayb maybe we can have the switching mode to pass from you know voice controller to manual controllers, eh. No, more expensive maybe. Well y y you have also the language problem, you know when you 'Cause it it have to be universal, so. Yeah. Yeah but you know. The product The pro It's a very smart, it's a very smart controller maybe Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah. But Yeah but the problem is how to s you know if this is a push button controller, you can send this con this remote control everywhere in the world, the same one. If you have the language, you have to develop for each country. Yeah, but for each country you have to do one, because uh the for example for Se Oh really? That's Comple A microphone maybe. To talk to the to the T_V_ maybe. I if you say one, he switch to channel, yeah. So well for example if it is somewhere in the room if i maybe if it is in the table there you can always say s channel one and the t the remote control gives the order to the T_V_ to switch to channel one. Devic Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but so you need a camera and you know a microphone inside your remote control. Yeah. But I think that, you know, switching from one country to to another will be a problem, so although y y Yeah but i i Yeah, we should. Uh. Mm. Yeah, but I think he need a control that is very reliable, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's not really the we we can add for example some function like for browsing in internet, so or something like that. But uh I think a user need Don't have a the the Yeah if we can send email from it. Because the p the problem I can see with with the voice or the gesture itself wh what can happen in a family i i for example if Yeah And for all the person of the family maybe, so, yeah. Because you have new Ye Okay. Okay. Yeah, participant two um Yeah, working design, so. So I think Can you go to the next one? I uh it's not this one. It's uh oth the oth so I It's the working design. Sorry. Component design. So this yeah so this is the described use What? Are you inst I don't think so. Oh. Maybe I record recorded directly on the Computer. Okay, okay. Yes. I can say it to you without. Yeah, exac Okay. Yeah. Yeah. In fact, I don't know, I s because i in my presentation I don't have here with so It was in fact the design use to show you the design of what is inside a what is inside and what are the different component of the r of the remote control. So it will be interesting so I could show you some some picture of what is inside and so. So I in fact the the f something I want to discuss is which kind of material are we going to use, so will it will be wooden wooden di wooden remote control or a a plastic remote control like this one. So and in which which which kind will be the the different bu button, so it can be some, you know, classic pushbutton like this one, or you have also some button like L_C_D_ where you know, the button the buttons are unlighted during the night, or, you know, you can see them in the darkness. And the other thing I want to discuss also is which kind of alimentation, electric alimentation do you want to have, so will it be for example uh d uh solar energy alimentation or will it be a battery like the classical battery so. And I think that for example for the alimentation it would be good to have uh both of them, so so for example in some country where you are in the the countryside and you are far from, you know, the cities uh for example in some place in in S Senegal, so if you have electric if you have solar alimentation, you just, when you want to have recharger or remote control power you just put it on the sun and after one hour you can come and so it can be interesting for people to have this kind of remote con It can be something interesting to make people buy it, for example. Yeah. Yeah, yeah mm. Ecologists, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Alrigh In fact, having them both will if we want to have battery, regular battery and and the solar energy battery it could be it'll it will add a little bit of the price, but it will be an added value also that will be compensated, so hmm. And the materials, it depends for example you if you have a wooden material it can be more the plastic material is more common it's very resistant but, you know, something wooden will be like, I don't know high cl so a special high class, or you know, you can have some Yeah, even if it is not completely wood, but just a part of the, you know, will be wooden, in wood and it can be interesting. And so the last point is y also would do you want to have some very cheap integrated cir circuits, chips, or do you have low level or or very very expensive, it depends, but I think that low level will be, you know, it is an interim module. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I think it will fit on the price we want, twel twelve Euros, so. I think the buttons I pr I prefer, you know, the L_C_D_ you know lighted buttons because, you know, it's I don't know um yeah, in the dark, it's fashion and it's related to how beautiful it is or uh if you want to watch T_V_ in the darkness or if you want to lo find your find your your remote control that is lost, you know in the darkness it's very easy so, right. I think a touch screen will be t as expensive as the L_C_D_ buttons so. But And it is a kind of other design, I mean. It can also be interesting to have this kind of Mm. Ah yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay, yeah. Okay. And fruit and vegetables yeah. Spongy 'Kay. Okay, yeah, yeah. Yeah, but the problem is which kind of material do you need to to be spongy? Pla S Very stuff Okay, rubber rubber desi okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Solar. Okay. Yeah. It will be a Yeah. Yeah, I think Yeah, yeah. Yeah. No wood but Plastic? Would some I think we can have wood for example in the bottom and, you know. It depends on the design we want, so. Yeah, it's natural and i And it can be correlated to energy, solar energy, so for the marketing aspect, you know, saying that it's ecol Mm, yeah, it's not right, so. Okay. Google and and fancy, f how about the the voice? And Uh maybe we can do some marketing studies asking people if they're interested and how It It is an an interesting concept to see to have uh voice control. Mm. Yeah. But and the problem is I I'm we can infer i if you have v voice control why not to put it directly on the the T_V_, so speak directly to the T_V_ and you don't need a remote control actually, so. But it will be embedded on the T_V_ and not on the remote control, so. Yeah, L_C_D_. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And pf what can we think a supplement to I think the supplement can be the voice. It is just, you know, it is not the most important, but it can be a part of Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. To push button, yeah, yeah. Even it is for s just some kids, you know, switching channels one two three four. Yeah, turning yeah, yeah. Not very complex commands, but easy commands, so. Yeah. Yeah, simple ones for expensive buttons Yeah, to make some new Yeah. Okay, fruits. Okay. Need it to be, okay. Okay. Okay. Sounds good, mm-hmm.
Yep. Yeah. No no no. Yeah. Mm. So uh first I will present the concept of user interface. Um there's three concepts in the user interface. So first one it's a Google controller. The second is a fancy controller. The last one is uh intelligent controller. So there are three concepts in our controller. Um n next I will explain one by one, the first is Google controller. Um, so I want the controller to be easy to use, but with sophisticated functions. So it's a combination of easy to use and um sophisticated functions. Uh this is a first concept of our controller. The second concept is a fancy controller, um so we want give the customers the impression that our controller is very attractive, um they can easy recognise our controller among a lot of products, so so the u the user f the the u user interface should be very very cute, very very g um attractive. Such like this, there are several uh examples in the slides. Yeah, it's very, you know if you're Yeah. It's hard f i it's easy for you to remember it. Or to recognise it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So the last uh concept is intelligent. We want uh we want our controller to be smart, so maybe we should uh use um uh technology, such as speech recognition technology and gesture recognition technology, so we need to have coop some cooperation with some research institute on speech recognition and um gesture recognition. Um With this advanced features we I think we can attract a lot of user. Okay. No. There this is the three concepts of our controller. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so Y Uh I think some time it's very uh convenient to use voice interface and gesture interface than use button. For example, if you cannot find your uh controller, you can just uh just just uh speak something such as, yeah, one two. Yeah. So you can use your gesture. That's no problem. For limited vocabulary speech recognition is very reliable and for s limited vocabulary gesture recognition is also very Yeah. Yeah, they cannot speak at the same time. Yeah, it's very interesting. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's the advantage of intelligent controller. Even you h you have the controller, I can I can say channel three, so it's c come to channel three, I don't have to It's advantage. How much? No no we we d we we just are use um No no we just um have some cooperation with some research institute, we don't have to do some basic research on this field. Yeah, I think it's uh because uh this technology is uh um for limited wor or limited wor uh lexical recognition, it's very it's uh yeah. It's No it's uh Even for the f um because the the vocabulary the The vocabulary is very small, so that's not a problem. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, the key, the key um the key of our the key feature of our controller is that it's it has some some um adaptation mechanism. It's It's it means when you when you sell this controller in China it's can recognise Chinese. It's r if you sell this controller in France it can recognise French. Yeah, it's Because of this product uh this technology has already been developed. So Yeah. Yeah. Oh n Yeah, yeah tha that's why we have to do language adaptation. Yeah. Even for each f for even for different family we have to do d yeah we would we have to do adaptation to No, it's not so complex. No no no it's not I think that's n that's not a problem because you you don't have to wear a microphone. It it just the microphone is embedded in the controller. Where is the controller? It's in your family, in your home. Yeah. Yeah you can you can embed it uh microphone here. Yeah yeah just you just put the controller here, then you you use your command and you do s your gesture. No no it's n y if you lose it Yeah. Yeah. I think it we should give the uh flexibility to the user and we think yeah. You can see they can switch form one modality to another. No, that's quite inter quite attractive. Well, if you do language adaptation, there should be no problem. We should have confidence in technology. More features, yeah. Yeah but if if you stick to um stick to the first two parts. So what's the difference between our controller with other products in the market? There's no k features of our controller, so is there is there any necessary to design new controller without any breakthrough features? Would y would you replace your controller with a controller with similar function if you do not have some some function inside it that Yeah, you y that's a fun that's not the function of the controller, that's a function of T_V_. You can replace your T_V_ with a new T_V_ with internet browsing function, but Okay. But it's not the only the problem only the issue of controller, it's it's also the issue of the T_V_. Yeah, but we do we do we we we cannot rely one hundred percent on these features to u to use the controller, but with the features of our controller such as you have the feature of voice recognition in your mobile but you seldom use it, your mobile, but you when you choose a new mobile, you choose the one with voice recognition. That's the feature is not one hundred percent reliable, but it's a feature to distinguish our product from our from other products. Yeah. Yeah, uh Yeah, if if if if you're if you ar if you already have a product it works one hundred percent reliable, would you replace it with another one? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yes, but there's no big difference between the traditional controller. The then nn no. Tha But the there's there's n there's n not enough motivation for them to replace their old controller with a new one if there's no key feature in the new controller. That's the same yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It did didn't r receive it. Didn't receive it. Participant one. Participant one. Yeah, maybe we can first come to uh to Frahan. With Frahan, then you can prepare your slides, then present it later. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So you got email? Mm. Later? Pla Uh yes. Yeah. Yeah. The smart controller. Okay. Mm. Yeah. It's good. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yep Okay. Okay.
Mm-hmm. No y you do the minutes first, or? No? Okay. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah but how how is how risky is it to trust like speech recognition or gesture recognition? Okay. Okay. But this this but this would never happen anyway. Yeah Yeah, but the Yeah but this Yeah. I don't think it Oh, okay, okay, you mean it could be a problem for this kind of stuff. No. No, but this is disadvant disadvantage. Yeah. Uh if you if if you use the basic But it's it's changing how the remote control is gonna be built. Because then you need uh I mean this doesn't have uh the power to do recognition, for example. Yeah. Yeah, this could be downloaded by the web maybe, or Yeah. Mm. Yeah, but then w Yeah, we have to take care of the twelve Euros problem. Okay. No, but then it's it's like this uh Yeah. But you would still have the buttons. Or is it do you think it should be only voice recognition and gesture recognition? Or you you still have the possibility to use buttons? Okay, so you yeah. Yeah, I dunno. It's a bit risky risky. Yeah, I dunno. What? If if I mean, uh I'm sure if the user pays the same price, he's happy to have recognition. But if if if it like doubles uh no one would would be interested. Yeah. No, I mean Y No, but you need you need new remote controller then. Because if you wanna browse internet or, I don't know, if you wanna type something, or No. No. Cause for example yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you wou you would True. I mean, for example the goo y you say we would we would to have a Google-like controller. I don't see how adding speech or gesture recognition would make the remote control look more like Google. Google is is simple, works fine, so I I guess if can have a remote control that is really basic, simple and works fine, it's already a lot. Uh thi this I mean, the user is not only interested in having speech or gesture recognition or if he has something that works fine and is really fancy, looks nice and it's easy easy to use, easy to use. See That's the problem, yeah. I mean, I I know it's more interesting to develop a remote controller with speech and gesture and whatever. But you have to think, the user is the one who gonna buy the product and so. I mean, that's the point. Hmm. Yeah. Dunno. I dunno if you remember what you had to say or I think it's more interesting what he says, okay. Yeah, true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Special for Mm-hmm. Yeah. What about the touch scr touch screen? For example. It's it's expensive I I guess. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Uh no, trend watching. The other one. Yeah. Uh, I think so, just Yeah, so just to meet the user requirements I would just do a s short anal analysis of the remote control market and to kind of um have a better overview of what's the fashion in general I've checked more than only the remote control market, so next. So again, it's pretty much similar to what I've said in the previous meeting. Um user really really want a fancy look and feel. They're not so so interested in uh functional look and feel, okay. Like the one you've shown, David, with all the buttons and I mean i i it sounds good technically but it's it's not what they want and uh So, second point is they still want it it to be technologically innovative, so maybe it's sort of related to what you've said with the speech recognition and so on. At the same time, it's important that it's easy to use. So that were the three first points from the remote control uh analysis. Now i if we look at fashion in general um Okay. Wha what we really see this year is that uh everything from clothes to shoes and furniture is is inspired by fruits and vegetables, okay, so I think we really have to take this into account for the design of the the thing. 'Cause it's it's really what people want. Even if it's in general fashion, we want it to be in the remote control. And then uh if if we take the ordering or the ranking of all the points, fancy look and feel has, on a score of seven would have six as importance. Uh the remote control has to be technologically innovative, it's three. Then easy to use uh it's not so important actually with respect to other y other ones. So we see fancy look an look and feel is the most important one, and then if we combine this with the fashion uh from Milan and Paris we go to the fruits and vede vegetables. And the other point I haven't mention is people wan want to have a spongy touch, okay so this is this maybe doesn't really fit with the wooden design. I dunno. Yeah thi this is this would be like um plastic-like, but rubber, mayb maybe, you know, rubber-like uh device, so um Okay, tha tha that was the main point, I think, from the trend in fashion. Yeah, so when I think it's Mm-hmm. Maybe not no wood, but I mean ma maybe not the part you touching you know. Yeah, maybe the base. But still y Yeah. Yeah, I mean it's not exactly right for the spongy point of view. But we could maybe have both like part of wood and some rubber for the buttons, or I dunno. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah d I dunno. What interface? Yeah, no not forgetting about the fruits and vegetables trends. If possible. Hmm. Okay.
So let's start our second me meeting on conceptual design. So, as the previous meeting I will be the secretary and we will have three presentations and we'll have to decide on the remote control concept and finally we'll close the decision. So I will first uh What? I I think I will let uh our User Interface Designer speak first, Mister David Jordan. So, we'll S technical accessoire? Interface? This. I'm not sure the one in the middle is very attractive. It's very big, yeah. Okay. Yeah, why not. We'll have big discussion I suppose after that, so. Okay. Something else? I just have one question, because for the intelligent controller, you said that we can use the voice recognition or the gesture recognition, but as the um expert told us, most of the people want to use the remote control to zap t to zap between channels. Do you think they will be able to use gestures? Because, if they do all the time the same gesture, as you said previously in the last meeting, maybe they will get injuries because of that? or if you say channel three channel three two three four six five, I think they will be bored after a while. You don't think so? Yeah, sure. I That's true. Yeah, but suppose you got a cold. You have a mute remote controller. Broken arm? Yeah, but suppose you have a family watching T_V_, and if they want to use their private remote control in the same time, do you think it will work? Everybody wanting to change channel in the same time? Why? If you have one brother and one sister and they want to watch their favourite uh T_V_ programme, so they say oh channel four channel three channel four channel three all the time, so. Yeah, but you have the remote control, so maybe you can keep it f with you. You're not you're not obliged to share it. Yeah, we can yeah. Yeah, I think it's a disadvantage. Yeah, but one other question. How how much will it cost? Yeah. Because I suppose we need to do research to have something working. Some some efficient. So you think it won't cost an Not a lot for us? Or? Yeah, but uh uh Mm-mm. Yeah. I agree with uh Yeah, but there is one problem that uh Baba talked about is the international remote control. We need something that is international. Suppose we're we want to sell it in France. The recognition system will be able to understand French. If you want to go to England, it will be able to understand English, so. Mm, okay. And with no increase in the pri production price of the remote control? Yeah, but how will you Oh. Seems to be quite complex. And what about voice recognition, do we have microphones? And where will be they? Do you think if we're far from television it will work? Yeah, but where is the controller? Yeah. Yeah, but we're here it's uh an object. But here you say you want to use i uh s technology. Yeah, but wha what is the use of voice or gesture recognition if you have a remote control li like this, if you have an object. If you want to use voice or gesture you need to be free, without any object. You just want to interact with television. Yeah, but you can lose it. Okay you so you can build a kind of black box and put it on T_V_ and just to recognize gestures and voice. Ah. Yeah, but Mm. I think so. And maybe it will be quite Okay. Hmm. So, what do you think? We'll try the controllers you'd prefer. Which kind of controller would you prefer to use, you as a remote control user? So I think it would be better not to do any intelligent controller and to stay with the Google controller or a fancy controller. Maybe try to mix the Google controller and the fancy controller? Hmm? Just want to have something controller which is in a kind of intelligent controller, easy to use, sophisticated and fancy. You think it's possible? Yeah, but uh we want so Yeah, but w we we want something th that works all the time, every day, every hour, for everyone. You don't need to tune it. Yeah, why not? If it's Not too expensive too. Okay. So let's go to the Industrial Designer. Maybe we'll be able to take a decision after that, so. Two? Working? I can Okay. It's okay Uh I think there's something wrong with your Maybe you you record it somewhere else. Interface concept. No. Mm mm. Uh. Nope. It seems that we have a problem with the Yeah, so No, I think it will be more interesting to start with uh Yeah. You will had s some more information in I think it will be interesting after your presentation to have um Baba's presentation. So. Okay. Okay, never mind. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, I think it's an added value to the remote control and maybe it can attract all the ecological k yeah consumers and but about the the price of adding this solar battery, would it be something really that will increase the price of production more, no? So. Okay. And what tha what about the uh materials? Impersonal, mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and i if you we want to put fashion in electronics maybe we can try to do something with wood. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm okay, seems to be interesting, mm. Yeah, we want something easy to use and so I think maybe something very low level wou would be enough. And you think that we will be Okay. So wood. And what about the buttons? No it's fashion, yeah. I dunno. I think we have only uh five minutes left. Participant four? Functional requirements? This one? Okay. So we have to take decisions about the component concepts, about the energy. So, as you say you want something technologically innovative, maybe using solar energy and with battery would be something interesting, maybe will attract pro-ecology consumers. Uh cheap imprint so you s you propose low level chips would be uh enough to have something working well. Case. So you think case. Something spongy. Someth no wood. Maybe you It's it's natural. Th The feeling is natural, so maybe we can stay with wood. But it's still fashion. Yeah, something that you can into it. Uh and what about the user interface concept? Google and fancy? Because I think that with the voice and gesture recognition there are still some disadvantages with this. Yeah, but you need a receiver to recognize the gestures and the voice. That's true. So maybe we'll just focus on the Google controller plus the fancy controller, maybe try to mix them these two concepts together, just in one and do a remote control with solar energy and batteries and with lev low level chips and wood. And L_C_D_ buttons. Yeah, I think for these supplements the solar energy would be something quite interesting and not maybe too difficult to add. Yeah, for the interface something added value. With a module? You mean the remote control with a mur module if you want you can just use commands, words and use them when you don't want to use your fingers. Turning the T_V_ o on o or off. So, adding some vocal commands. Simple ones? Okay. So the next meeting will start in thirty meeti minutes so we'll you will all have to work in in your direction. So you will have to work on the look and feel design, to have the easy to use, powerful and fancy remote control with some added value such as the uh simple vocal commands recognition. Uh you will have to work more, Baba, on the um spongy way to to add spongy um touch to the buttons and try to find maybe a nice shape for the wooden remote control. And I sup I think we'll have to evaluate th the product too. Yeah. Yeah. And remember as as I said last meeting, we really have to build a fashion remote control and uh the colour of the um the society will be really it will be seen in the remote control. So you will have Baba and David Jordan you will have to work together on the prototype and you will have next time to show us um modelling a cl a clay remote control, so you will have to model model something. And I think that some specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. So, no more questions, we can close the session. Yeah. Okay, cool.
";The User Interface Designer presented three different concepts to consider for the user interface and introduced the idea of using speech recognition in the design of the remote. The team discussed the issue of using speech recognition at length. The Industrial Designer presented possible materials to use in making the case for the remote, introduced the option of using a solar battery, and discussed options for buttons. The Marketing Specialist  discussed recent findings from trend watching reports. The team discussed what materials to use and their interface concept. 
"Your judgement it's is biased. So, we are So let's go for our detailed design meeting. So I will still play the role of the secretary, and we'll have um first the project presentation by our User Interface Designer, David Jordan, and our Industrial Designer, Baba. So we'll have to evaluate the uh your proposed remote control, and um have an idea of the price that uh this thing will cost. And in case if we're we all agree on the fabrica of um building of this remote control, we'll evaluate the um production. So maybe I will let the our two designers talk about so their You have s oh, sorry. Oops. Looks strange. Okay. Genetically modified mushroom I will say, but keep on speaking. Oh. Maybe, I hope so. Chan Yeah, okay, but don't touch don't destroy your prototype. Everything's mushroom. So we can call our remote control the mushroom. Okay. Oh. Fruits and vegetables. Vegetables. Mushroom is a vegetable. It's vegetable. So th it's something eatable. Next slide. Mm-hmm. In the base. In the basement. In the basement. And where is the solar solar cell? Where is the solar cell? Oh. Do you think it won't be It won't cris increase the price? Okay, we'll see after. We will have first to so, mister money, what's your opinion according to this remote control? Mm-hmm. Maybe if you change if you take the buttons out, and maybe do things like that It would be bet more like a lemon? Yeah. Looks like more fruit. Maybe a pineapple? And you know, you have the finger here, with the buttons? It looks more like a pineapple. Sorry. What's the use for that? And where is the voice recognition? Okay. Okay. Is it better like that? Looks okay, let's say it's a pineapple now. It looks like a now you took it. It looks like a pineapple with cherry on top. Mm uh Seven is the ma the maximum? Three, I will say three. Isn't it bitter like that? Feasible? You said previously that you there's um microphone inside an Oh. Okay, and you have the there's the technology inside that recognise simple vocal comments? And you can turn it so maybe it's techno technologically innov innovative? We have tactile buttons. Oh, yeah. Maybe two? Two? I would say two. You agree? It's better like that, isn't it? Okay. Oh, ok I understand. You take take the remote, so and you can turn like that to change the channel? I think it's quite easy to so s zapping, but maybe it will be too fast. Yeah, you have a, like that, and so on. Oh yeah. Yeah but y but you have to go through all the channels if you want to go Mm-hmm. Yeah, but when you're zapping you're changing from one channel to the other, so you're passing through all the channels. So, when you say I want to go to the channel number twenty that's you've decided to go to channel twenty, so you can say channel twenty, or channel four, because you really want to go on this channel. But if you really want to to do zapping you you don't really know what you want to do, you can turn it. Just go through all the channels and maybe stop if there is something interesting? Seems to be good. Good choice, mister David Jordan. yeah, what's what's this cherry? Okay. Yeah, th you have the vocal commands. On off. Most of the time you have the yeah it's a sleeping remote control. That's true. W that why we have the solar ti yeah. So three. Do you agree? Three? And what's your opinion? It's not what you said previously. Previously you said that turning this was the fine Fine to coarse. And from ten to ten channels here. Okay. Oh Yeah, no no, no. You can't put it out. It's just your turning from the base. You need to have everything in hand. If you want to turn, you can't use it and turn. It's impossible. You need to put it on and turn. Yeah, but nobody would be able to take it in the pocket and bring it in the kitchen and say I've lost the remote control. Nobody would take it. So nobody w will lost lose it. S maybe we can change from th Four? Easy to use, four. Gonna say four. Trois. Three. So, th the project is accepted? But I d m I think that it will be good to do some more work to transform this into a pineapple. If you re we really want to have a fruitful remote control. So uh mm mm. Mm. Okay and we we had a project prototype presentation with the evaluation. So as we all agree to accept, under certain conditions, the prototype, we'll have look to the final sh financial view. So we need to calculate the production cost. As I said in the first meeting we need to have so a remote control that would cost not more than twelve and point fifty Euros. And if not if it's not the case y you would have to redesign it. So, just have a look at the okay here is the Excel sheet, so so it has the energy source. We have hand dynamo. No, we don't use that. We have battery, right? Kinetic, we don't have it, I suppose, but we have solar cells. Um, how many do y do you need, solar cells? Do you think one would be enough, or such as as number of branches? Three? So, electronic. Single simple chip on print? Just one would be necessary? One? Zero for the others. And sample sensor, sample speaker. One? As we have voice recognition, I think. So the case. Okay, just keep on going, just to have an idea. Well uh yeah, but what what about case? Uncurved, flat, single curved, double curved. I think it's more like double curved. One? Uh wood? Uh do we need special colour? Y maybe, two? We have two special colours. Push button. Okay. Scroll wheel. We don no. It it's more like integrated scor. Yeah, maybe two scroll wheel, as we have the coarse coarse to fine scroll wheel. So, no button supplements? Okay. Okay we I think we have problem. I think we s if we keep on adding things so we have to Maybe if w t if suppose if we change and we g put just one? Has it changed. Okay. Yeah, but we have you the the voice recognition, no? Okay. Or it would be better. So, do we need special colour? Because we have red. Red and yellow. I think so we need if we try to have a kind of pineapple bee. Yeah. An but we have integrated scroll wheel with push dut button. And I think this is one. Integrated scroll wheel push button. So we'll we have only one? And push button. So if we have all integrated i in the scroll wheel and push button, it's uh Something flat. S uncurved. Yeah, maybe not. Yeah. Mm. Nearly. Maybe don't bat no battery, only solar cells. I think there's a problem with the push push button. We only need maybe just one. Just one. Yeah. So yeah, you will have So one button, and s scroll wheel with push button on it. So So, yeah. It think we we've done good job, as the cost is twelve fifty e Yeah, but it's under or equal. It's not written. Sometimes it's under or equal. Twelve fifty. Yeah, I think. I think, yeah. But it would i be interesting for our marketing team, to make a lot of advertisement concerning these solar cells to be Yeah but it will be technologically innova innovative, so. So it's easy to use and powerful, as the remote control a has only one button. Easy, powerful. So I don't think we need to redesign the p the product. Yeah. So Now So So did you enjoy your clay modelling? Yeah? Was it a nice way to create your remote control? And for the marketing guy? And new ideas about new products, maybe, wi which would be fashion and uh and yellow. Yes, just lemon. Squared? Ah, the lemon T_V_ with the pineapple remote control. Oh, that's interesting. You could f we could do a kind of fruit collection of electronics things. Electronic device. Maybe Yeah, maybe la next year it will be insects. Customable T_V_. Ah such yeah. You've already said mobile phones. Yeah, and following Mm. It's interesting, maybe we can create a a line of uh T_V_ with uh a a tr So I think the costs are within the budget. We're just at twelve fifty Euros. So do you think you can celebrate your creation? Oh, thanks a lot. Thank you, mister David Jordan. The thing now is to to sell it. It's maybe a little bit expensive. Maybe what you can do a test. Put it outside, and if bees come, it's really fruit. But don't put sugar in it, it's not working. Yeah, but the colour, I think the colour is more is most important, because I I don't think you have ever seen something like that before for a remote control. Yeah, but we decided to have something yellow and red, for the costs. So maybe we can just integrate it on th on one side, the double R_. So we have the logo, we have the colour, and we have the fashion in electronics, so we have the slogan too. Yeah th no, it's the it's the pineapple control remote control. It's a pineapple now, it has changed. It's a pineapple. Pineapple. With cherry on top. Will you buy one? Try to. Okay uh One thing I like is the shape, because you know it's not like the uh the remote controls you can put in your pocket, on uh in your jacket. I prefer the laser remote control. No. Oh. Maybe next if we decide to do something we'd can put light inside. Yeah. I think it it would be interesting to just to see if we can if people will buy this one, and maybe add some features to it after yeah. So Champagne, mister Baba. So Okay, I will close this. Mm. So I think we have finished the designing and the evaluation of our remote control and we have a nearly final product. Final prototype, right. So, thank you very much. Very productive.
'Kay. It's perfect. Where? It's here. Okay. Yeah. 'Kay. I have slides. Ah, that is three. Product prod Yep. Okay. Okay. So, this is our product or prototype. This is made by clay. Yeah. Uh the basic colour is uh yellow and red. Yellow is uh our company colour, uh red it's uh is more attractive. So we used two basic colour, yellow and red. And the shape, there's two basic shape. The first is a circle and the second is a triangle s piece. It's we call it a mushroom design. It's looks like some mushroom, so we call it mushroom design. So this is a introduction of our product. Next a mo Okay, yeah, so next slide. So there are several key features of our pr prototype. The first is that it is fuzzy. I'm sure this would be the unique design the market. Yeah, so it's a fuzzy design, and a unique design. Um, and uh the second key feature is that uh s circle channel um selection. In the traditional key uh traditional controller use button to to select the channel but now we have a s circle, so we can turn this ball to t to select channel. So it's quite convenient for user to use it. Yeah, s okay. Uh the third feature is a stable triangle base. Uh this sta uh this triangle base is very stable, so uh so it's it's um it's unlikely you cannot found it. So it's v Um, you can put it in the table so you can turn the the ball to cha to select the channel and there's some cute button. You c can can you can see the the shape of the buttons n is a mushroom, so Yeah, everything's mushroom. Mush Mushroom design, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, th that's why if you put it in the table, be careful, somebody will eat it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, no this our only two slides. Yeah. So we cut it to see. Okay. So where's the battery battery? Base. Here? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, the shape is unique, and the colour So it depend on how d do you define fancy. Uh so, my mush. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Uh, for turn turn the ball. If you want to turn the ball, it's very it's very convenient for you to to to turn the ball to change the channel. Uh. Ah, it's embedded, your microphone. Th this th th there's two two functions. This is microphone array Okay. 'Kay. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, this is microphone array, in fact. There four microphone. So they they they they there's a microphone array. Yeah, yeah. So you can capture voice yeah, you c Yeah, so you can capture s voice from different directions. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Yeah, it's very easy. You can use this in this way. Yeah. Th this is the base. So you can turn to change the channel. You just tu turn d d Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no. I if y uh if it depend on the the angle you turn the I if if this is a channel one. So it c it could be channel two, channel three, channel four, channel five. So change. Yeah. Y uh fifth channel divided by the num by the by three hundred thirteen degree. So you got how many degree you you it No no, you don't have to y no it's uh when you when you stop t uh when you stop, the the turn, then the angle you stop is the angle you is the channel you It's it's very easy, because you kn you know how many channel are there in the Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can do it. I think so I think so you can do it. I think so, you can just change. There's uh also a number, you know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also you can, if you i You ca you can turn this. Or you ca you can you can also turn this. For this you can tune it's for tune. You you if you want to skip from channel one to channel two, you you skip this. If you want to from uh skip from channel one to channel ten you tune this. It's like fine, from coarse to fine. This is coarse, this is fine. So it's coarse to fine design. Yeah. Yeah is is this is, from one channel to maybe to ten channel. This is from one channel to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, agree, agree. Uh w w what do y what uh you compare with traditional uh um tr traditional controller? I think it's easier than traditional controller. If you use traditional controller you have to put a button, but now you don't have to put button, you have you just turn the turn the ball. There's two kind of balls, the smaller the the the so you can c you can c you can control the scale. But in the traditional controller, how do how can you control the scale? Yeah, yeah, yeah, y you you can do it, but you can also do it in the b if you you do not wa if you do not want to browsing all the channel you can just p there's also a button here. Yeah, this function is just for your browsing, from one channel to th the next one, the next s sn s, the th the third one. Yeah, yeah. Y one to ten, ten to twelve, uh ten to t uh twenty. Ten to twenty and this one, t one two three four five six, like this. Uh there's different scale, so you can you can choose how much do you want to sc Mm-hmm. I i this is just a base. You can just Yeah. You use your y So th this is a d next generation controller. Yeah. Okay okay, okay. Four. Okay. Okay. Three? Trois. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The solar cell is too expensive. Mm. Yeah, we have four. Five. No. No no. No no no, it Okay. No. We have change the electronics to from from the the the sample sensor to regular chip. Oh. We have to delete the the sample sensor, I think. Yeah it's the one it's m maybe we ha we have two versions, the first version, the basic version. Advanced version we have speak. Plastic is free. Wait. We we can we can we c yellow. How about we change the sale? Ah we have one Okay. Okay. Agree. Cou could we have look Could we have look at the p the the prod the p the cost? Okay. So let's say Wha what yeah. Which part is the most expensive part? Yeah, I think it's not t t Cheaper. Okay. Yes. Of course. This is my job. Yeah, it's uh it's good, to to create a control instead of a computer. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but y you know the traditional T_V_ it's um Yeah yeah it's flat, yeah the shape is very boring. Could we come up with new T_V_ with such as this kind of T_V_? So you can you have base, triangle base so you the T_V_ you can Yeah. Yeah. Because the T_V_ you also Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. And you can celebrate your leadership. Yeah. Yeah, it's your job. Sell it. Yeah. Okay and the twelve fifty twelve uh twelve Twenty five Euros, yeah. Twenty five Euros. No, it's not so expensive. Okay. Okay. Mm. So we have to give a So we have give him give it a cute name. Mush mushroom controller. Pa Pine apple. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Twenty five Euro. Okay. Yeah you told me you h you d you d you lost your control your T_V_ so so you need to buy one. Okay. Traditional one? Yeah. So this one and this one. What do you choose? What do you choose? Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So buy one. Yeah. Prototype, yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks.
No not really. Just Crap. Okay. 'Kay, so whe where is the remote control? Yep. What slides? Yeah. Yeah, because mushroom was not in the trends. I mean there was fruits yeah. Yeah. I don't think it is. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But anyway this is not a mushroom anyway, so it's fine. No, I mean, yeah yeah. Inspira inspiration is True. But we say uh we sa we said solar. Yeah. I mean, we gonna try to measure how good it is instead of just talking about uh we had three keys key points to uh for this remote control design, and first one was uh fancy look and feel. So w we'll try to judge this feature uh with a one to seven scale, one being uh no, I think. Uh just let me check. One one being true, and seven being false. Okay. Ouch. So Do we have a fancy look and feel, according to you? But is it Uh I'll agree it's unique, but is it really Yeah I mean, fancy was was defined by s fruit and vegetable look. Yeah. I dunno where the lemon is, but I mean it's not obvious. If I dunno, maybe improving the texture of like having it less smooth or Yeah. I dunno. Yeah, it's getting Okay. Yeah, that's Wait th that's the second point. First one is we have to judge the fancy look and feel. I mean No, the colour is okay, that's fine. I mean it's but I would say there is more too much red. Um if Right. So, from one to seven? No, seven is false and one is true. Three? Okay. Three. Then uh let me The other criterion is is it technologically uh technologically in innovative. Yeah bu but when you say technologically it's more uh I dunno, in the core, or single. Mm-hmm. No, that's good. Yeah. Yeah, th that's another really good point. Maybe okay. So using the same scale, two? Okay. Now maybe the most critical one. L last one w I would like to judge is is it easy to use? Yeah but this this turning can you can you just re explain me the Please. Yeah. Yeah but how how intuitive is it to turn things to change channels? Like if you want to go from Yeah but imagine you y Yeah I'm I'm no I'm not definitely convinced it's it's the best way to if you wanna jump from, I dunno, one to twenty? How can you go directly to twenty, for example? Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I agree. But I mean if you're fro from two? Yeah ju just imagine you have fifty fifty channels uh We're not talking Yeah. Yeah. How d how do you know this angle is th is the correct one? So you you count one degree, two degrees, no. I don't think so. Yeah voc vocal command is okay. But w we've said previously that maybe it's not going to be th l the main And this would be more for browsing, ah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I mean you're famous. You. Mm. Okay the uh th this looks better. Yeah. Yeah, but it has to be on to recognise fas Ah, that's not the ecological part, yeah. Solar. So, which number? So reasonably, is four, is one? So, three. Uh we wouldn't say, I mean, those are sort of agreed but this one would be more five to me. I'd like I mean this is the just a prototype. I'm not really convinced it's so easy to use, but I don't know. Yeah. So you have yeah. Uh by pushing zero after after the first one. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if you're changing your mind. Fine to coarse. Okay. But this this has to stay on the table, right? This has to stay on the table. Yeah but then uh when you turn turn it Just It's Yeah. You know tha that's the weak point, because with a traditional one you just have one hand. Sure. Yeah, you would never you would never lose this one, yeah. Yeah. Four. Uh it's even easier to maybe. Ok Mm. So, average? Three? Okay, so Yeah, especially on the easy to use target. Okay. Mm-hmm. No. So we are all already nineteen. Yeah. That's gonna be double curved, yeah. Rather four buttons. Oh no, interface. Yeah, yeah that's special colours, sure. Yeah tha that's wheel. Yeah. I think the price is okay. Um, no. Yeah w one of the m key point is solar cells. Yeah. No y i it did change, but just imagine we have Yeah. Yeah but this one one of the feature we were not really Yeah. Yeah, if Yeah. Yeah, that's one of the requirement. We could turn we could turn everything in either yellow or black. Black then is a regular colour, so. Yeah, one. Yeah. So push button then it's it's the next expensive one. Yeah, thi this might be. Close to. Okay, so what's the bottleneck? Double curved. Yeah, but flat Case, what's the ca And then one Euro left. Um. Um So we have one button, one wheel. It's good they're not charging anything for that. Yeah y actually it's wrong. We're not under twelve Euros and a half. Okay. Okay. Solar cells. Yeah. That's nice argument, but if it's it's still four our of twelve. Yeah. Yeah but we just have one button. Easy. I don't know about powerful. Yeah. Mm. Uh that's what we've just done. Yeah. Um okay. Well I think we have just have to discuss if I dunno. Uh tha that was good but we should have more brainstorming like meetings, maybe. 'Cause we just presenting one is presenting his stuff next one his stuff and then we try to combine afterwards, so it um. Yeah, but just don't trust too much the trends. 'Cause fruit and vegetables it won't last for ten years uh. Maybe two years it's dead. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but this is good because it's not a long long life product. T_V_ is more like fifteen years, maybe, so. If you have a lemon lemon T_V_ for fifteen years Yeah, yeah. Tha that would that would make it. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. It's party party remote control. Yeah. Uh-huh. Twenty five Euros. Yeah, I think it's It's cheap, yeah. No, I I'm not so happy about the fruit shape, you know. Yeah. No, the colours are uh it's perfect, yeah. True. Uh yeah, another thing is the logo is missing still. Uh Still that was one of the requirements we had. It's yeah but it I don't think it's such a problem just putting the logo somewhere. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Cute na You cannot say mushroom because it's not the trend. It's not the trend. Yeah, but just flying saucer, or I would say flying saucer. It's more appropriate, somehow. Mm. Mm. Yeah but that's going to be expensive, you know. We had some problems going to twelve Euros and uh I dunno. Yeah, afterwards, if if it's a new trend. Okay. We should celebrate. Mm. Yeah. Our final prototype which yeah.
Mm-hmm. So, ready? Sorry, I I um I'm afraid Uh thi this remote control will stay a prototype. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Effectively one slide and maybe we can discuss everything. Okay. Yeah. Uh Yeah, yeah I'm sure. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah but it's not like really mushroom because you have uh you know uh like lemon shape, you know, centre is yellow and t d To integrate, you know yeah. I don't think I hope nobody will eat it. You know, to integrate the fruit aspect, you know the the in Really? But Fruit and vegetable, so mushroom was a kind of you know uh Mushroom? Oh, uh I'm not sure. We can it's a veg a kind of vegetable, but you know we we integrated them with different colour. I I think we take into account what you said about fruit and vegetable you know. This, you know, very enlighted colours, you know. And inspired colour and and very sophisticated material, so. And so So what we w what I can add is that, you know he talk about what is outside, so what is inside is what we dis what we talked before about, you know, the chip, it is a low level chip, and You know, we don't need to k. You know wi the low level chips inside and you know the L_C_D_ button and the i The battery it is under. It is in th in in the base, yeah. In fact this this this this is a kind of you know revolutionary solar receptor that we can put outside and I don't think so, but it it's might be okay, so. I it might be okay. So Yeah. So, four point three point five, it means it's acceptable. Oops. I think you have nice colours. I don't The sha the bowl shape people like. Is it really fancy? But it's you have the lemon aspect of this th this this thing. Do Don't do that, please. I it's it's i this shape is a lemon like, so Yeah. Because i Less button. Yeah, but you don't have any button now. That's uh yeah, is that that's a good idea. So that's great. That's great. I have no idea, so. I have no idea what If it is fancy or not. So we can we can say t The colour, is the colour acceptable? So the shape now. It's too much red? In the basement? I will give I will I'll gi I'll give two or three. Three, it's okay. Three, three. Three is fine for me. What other Is it easy to use? Ye uh Embedded. It's a micro array, okay. Oh yeah, yeah. And I think you you've never seen a rou a round remote control, so it is I W Yeah, but I see, you have microphone array embedded. You have That's good. And you have, you know this ki this solar receptor that, you know Yes. Yeah. I think technically it's acceptable, so Yeah. Two, yeah, two. It's it's fine, so. Most Eh, for th the vocal command yes, it's might be easy. But it's just speaking. You just need the command. As a principle. I think maybe if you he If you hear some click Yeah, it would Oh yeah, that's difficult. That's dif that's difficult. Yeah but y how you need to know I I think something that Yeah. And you you can I think you can if you have a scale, so Yeah, it's a bit difficult. I think b but the the vocal command is easy too. You can say fifty and fifty it's okay, so Uh, yeah, and y that's yeah. Yeah. To see uh yeah uh Yeah. And but I'd It is a turn off t turn off button, maybe. Yeah, yeah yeah. That's that's very technologic, so. Yeah. S But I di I didn't see where the t f the turn off t turn on turn off button so much activates maybe one of the Uh it's k on off, yeah. Yeah, sleeping. To compensate. Yeah. Easy to use, it's very relative but three it's fine, I think, it's reasonable three. Three f three for me, it's o it's okay. Four or three. Maybe you can vote to see how many everybody gives and no and just take the mean. Will you give four? Five? Yeah, so maybe if Yeah but y you know You just push two button, zero and and one. And that's Are there some buttons? Okay. In fact on a flat place You can Oh ye yes, that's right. Oh my God. yeah maybe, maybe may it's the next prototype, maybe we cou Four. Maybe four, it's okay. I'll put four. Yeah, four it's more reasonable. You can you can erase with this er yeah. Yeah, four it's more reasonable, so. So it's nine, nine over three. Oh yeah, it's. It need maybe some wo further work, but it's Yeah, uh s yeah. Might it might be fine. Yeah, b I think Yeah, yeah. That's the finance. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah, we have battery. No, um solar cells, yeah. Uh I think in each ball you have three three uh yeah, three, yeah. Three three solar cells. S s simple, simple, yeah. Yeah. Mm. One maybe, yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Is it Is sh it Wooden. Is Yes a wooden pl I and that's There's no wood, so plastic just only, I think. Double curve, yeah, double curve. One, you have. But it's yeah, a a rubber uh Yeah, yeah. Y y yeah, yeah. Five? I think that this will be like a scroll wheel, actually. Y you tu you turn you turn it, so Yeah, true. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah, yeah. Scr L_C_ display, maybe. Interface. It's okay. fine. Yeah, it was stage one, so. So I think you can transform the wood into plastic, maybe. Because uh it seems that this can be yeah, wood into plastic and it it should be fine. Yeah, red and yellow. Fancy. One. I can remove maybe f you have five with push buttons, so we can just, I dunno, try to modify some of them to have yeah. Double curve. We can transform the double curve into single c yeah. F some Single curve. Single curve should be fine, so. Oh, what It's it's a bad idea, so. Two? One. That's fine. That's fine. One s one scroll wheel, so And the vocal chord, it's fine. It I th it's fine. It's fine. It's under or equal. It's fine, so It's fine, twelve fifty uh The solar cells, r is i is it? Yeah, to be able to si to sell it. Yeah, with mi It's it is really really uh really very very expensive, though. Maybe if uh okay. Yeah, yeah. It's easy to use. It's very easy to use. No. We've done it with it is under the if it was low, high or so. So So what are we going to do with this project evaluation? Okay, okay, it's fine. Yeah, I think I find it really funny and amazing and interesting to go through all the process to from the beginning to the end. And designing, looking at the chips, the solar cells and uh and it was very informative for. Yep. Okay, okay. Yellow. I think you can think about a yellow T_V_ now after a fruit T_V_ or I dunno. It can be an interesting I don't know Yeah, just a lemon T_V_ it'd be yellow lemon. It's flat, uh Yeah, that's right. It's really boring, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's that would be really interesting, actually. Device devi The fruit? Yeah. Yeah, it's But I think it's good to follow the f flow and you know make it now and after, you know, if the people change their mind you change also the product. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's a yeah, yeah. We can think about T_V_ with you know where you can change you know the aspects o like for the cell phones, you know. Yeah, you customise it every ti so every ti if people change, you just change the appearance, and y y you can keep Yeah, you can keep the global appearan The mood of persons, the fashions uh We int Yeah, T_V_, yeah. A T_V_ for autumn and a T_V_ for winter, you know, so it's So what i and do w is it Okay. Yeah, the pr at Yeah but I think f it's really a celebrating object. So it's yellow and very a very ha it's very happy, so. Uh it's it's a pr it's like yeah. Yeah, right, go and sell it. Goo and good luck, so It should be fine. Wh really? It should be it should be fine, you know, actually. S I I think I like the the colour a the colour are very good, so actually so It's perfect, and I p is th y the the yellow ball thing that Uh f like y we can we can put some uh double R_ Okay yeah, yeah. That's actually good idea, so It's not a mushroom. It's a pineapple remote controls. Yeah, pineapple remote remote control. Oh, that Oh unid uh unidentified remote control, so That's that's pineapple remote control. I think it's fine. Yeah. Yeah I will try I'll try. I can hel I will try versions so to see how easy easy to manage Yeah I always lose my Yeah, so so i if it is a universal one I can use it with my T_V_, so it would be I think I would choose this one because of the colour. It's it's will enlight your house, your home and your T_V_, so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah that would be uh an idea.. Yeah that's that fine. So we can celebrate now. That's our new product. Yes. It's it's fine. It's I like it. Next time. Well, I'll buy one here. Yeah. No? Okay. Okay. Final prototype, yeah, ye yeah. Okay. Okay. S so who is going to take the remote control?
";The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented their prototype for the remote. The prototype was yellow and red and was shaped like a mushroom. The team then conducted a product evaluation of the prototype. Overall, the team found the prototype to be technologically innovative but had some issues with the prototype's appearance and its usability. The team decided that the prototype required further work. The team then discussed the production costs of the remote and what features they should retain or lose in order to maintain their target cost. In discussing the production costs, the team settled on what features they wanted in the remote, while staying within the boundaries of their budget, and decided it was not necessary to completely redesign their product. The team then engaged in a project evaluation in which the team discussed the process of creating their product. 
"Okay. Good morning everybody. Oh, everybody is not ready. Alright. Okay, let's go. So, we're here today to to have our first kick-off meeting about uh this new project we're going to tak to talk about in a few minutes. Um so I will be uh Sebastian the Project Manager. Um you are the Okay. Okay, very good. Thanks for being here. Um so let's have a look to the the agenda. So, we are going to go through this agenda uh and mainly first to uh to make to to be used to the tools uh available in this nice and smart meeting room we have here. Um then we'll go to uh the plans for project and have general discussions about it. So, the goal of this project is to uh developed a new remote control. Um it should be original, trendy, and also user friendly. As usual we will follow the the project method um that we are using in the in our company. It is in three step as you know. First the functional design. The second's a conceptual design, and then the detailed design. During each step uh of each design we wi you will work uh s separately, individually on uh your specific tasks and will m we will meet to um to discuss and take decisions about uh what you've you've you did and what uh we will do next. So first, we have to to train ourself with all the um the tools availables in the in this nice meeting room and uh particularly the the white board so uh we are going to go through the white board and take some um s some notes or do some drawings. So who want to start? Mister. You have one in mind? Okay. Th thank you. Very interesting. Guillermo you want to? It would be very funny for us. Oh. Okay. Thank you. Hemant. Poor elephant. Yes. We have to I have to catch you, sorry. We have to to go through the meeting. Thank you. Yeah we'll discuss a f a fly or do we'll do another meeting abo on elephants. So so another important part of the project is about money, uh and about so about finances. So we should target selling price of twenty-five Euro for this remote control and uh we have um which which would generate a profit of of um fifty million Euros, okay. And we should target the inter an international market. O this is the next topic we have to discuss exactly, so let's go to it. So um we should decide which kind of remote control we want to uh we want to uh we want to go. Should be should should it be um specific remote control to some specific device? Should it be a universal one? And uh etcetera. So um so I'm waiting for your for your inputs very quickly because we have only three three minutes to go. Okay. Okay I think this is more a job to our market person yeah. So it should be the topic of maybe of the next meeting just to to have an overview of this and uh in which direction we should go. So we need to close the meeting. Uh we'll have a new meeting soon and uh so the work every every of you ha have t d to do. So um you have to work on the on the working design, you have to uh work on the technical functions, and uh you have to work on us user requirements specs, alright? Um you will receive some information by emails, i as usual. Thanks for coming today. Thanks.
Uh almost. Ready. I'm uh Michael. I'm the user interface designer. Ah well if no one else wants to, yeah. Okay so, want me to draw my favourite animal. Let's see. Well, I don't really have a favourite animal, but um uh I think I have one in mind, so uh I'm gonna about the uh spider because you can actually draw it pretty well in the corner of a white board. The spider has a spider lives in a web and uh it has eight legs, and uh it can move all about the web in two dimensions. Unless it's a three dimensional web which y they have sometimes. There are some spiders that live in like that have like uh kind of a a big ball of a of a web. And uh the other thing is some spiders can actually uh fly like uh they have uh they let out like uh a stream of like the web building material but it's it acts like a parachute so they can actually kind of go and find new uh build a new web somewhere else. So I think they did this in uh in Charlotte's Web that movie that little uh well it's actually a book first but uh um at the end all the the spiders kinda flew away. So, that's my animal. Maybe it's happy 'cause it just ate someone. So you don't like pink panthers? So is this uh an Indian or an African elephant, 'cause you haven't drawn the ears? Okay. We can discuss that off-line. So could I just ask one question, um is this a stand-alone unit that we're gonna be selling? So it's gonna be you already have a T_V_ but you're buying an extra remote control for it or something? Okay, alright. Okay well, so, it seems the the first thing that they've kinda specified is the price like based on how much profit we wanna make, which seems to a kind of a little strange if we don't know what the the product is yet, but I guess if that's if that's the requirement that we need to to design the the product to actually fit that that price bracket so, I guess we're gonna need to find out what's actually you know, what people ar are willing to pay for um what kind of product they're expecting for twenty-five Euro because it seems quite a lot for a remote control, so it's Yeah. Okay. Alright.
Good morning. And I am Hemant, the industrial designer. But don't you think it's very difficult to draw a panther? So bad I don't like it. Um sure. Oh yeah. Thanks. This lapel is coming out once in a while. It's not very strong. Okay. So, not the favourite animal, but I think I'll draw elephant. I'll try to draw elephant. It's a problem. Okay, thanks. Okay so, elephant goes like this, and then it has four feet. I don't know whether there's any dist there should be any distance or not, but I think this is the easiest. And then we have it's trunk. And yep something like this. An eye, cute. Yeah, so and sometimes they have a hump. It seems that uh elephants are pretty friendly and they they have one very important way a different way of walking. So when they walk, wherever they are going to put their first feet, the second feet will always be. When they'll come to that position the second, the third feet will be there. That's the way they walk. And that's very peculiar about them. None of the other animals walk like this. And they are very useful to human beings. At least few few hundred years ago when there was no means of transportations or something, or when they had to carry huge um loads from one place to another, elephants were very useful. And they are found in um usually the warm countries. And um they are the biggest terrestrial animal. That's what I know about them. So, that's what I wanted to tell about elephants. There are two kind of uh yeah, they are very different, Indian and African elephants. So Indian elephant is having one bump, I think, and the African have two. And then there's a difference in the trunk of the animals, these elephants who are Indian and So at some for some elephants it's the trunk is having one Do we have some message there? Wind up? Okay, some other time. Thank you. Thanks. Marketing person. Mm-hmm. Thanks.
Hi I'm Guillermo. I'm the Marketing Expert. 'kay I dunno why, but when I was a child I I wanted to be a a panther not a pink panther, or maybe yes. Uh yeah yeah. Okay it's a friendly panther. Yeah maybe. Um. Actually, honestly I I I dunno what's what's his it's be behaviour, I dunno if if it's the male who who hunts or it's the female uh, I I I have watched that lions di didn't hunt it's the the female lions who who hunt, so but I like it because it's fast, and it's black as well, so it can he it can hide itself very easily and it's it's it looks like um powerful, strong, uh I dunno. I I watch a a film about a black panther when I was a child and I was in that age when everything was shocking me a lot. Okay. I like it. Yeah.
";The project manager Sebastian opens the meeting. The rest introduce themselves, including Michael the interface designer, Guillermo the marketing expert, and Hemant the industrial designer. The project manager states the goal of the project, which is to develop a new remote control. It should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. He also mentions the three-step project- functional design, conceptual design, and detailed design. Then they take turns drawing their favorite animal on the white board. After that they briefly discuss finances. The remote control's target selling price of twenty-five Euro dollars and will be for the international market. They need to generate a profit of fifty million Euros. The question of whether the remote control should be for a specific device was brought up but not answered. The project manager closes the meeting, telling each group member what he is responsible for and reminding them that they will receive more information by email. 
"Yep. Yes. Mm. Uh the Powerstick. Maybe a Spanish name would work well. Especially if we're selling into the U_S_ market becasue there's a lot of Spanish speakers there. Maybe something that sounds cool in English but sounds funny in Spanish. Mando. What is that? What does it mean in Spanish? Control. Okay. 'Cause it also like in English it sounds like you know the man's tool you know because you know men like to have control of the remote so it might The Mando. Yeah that's. And we could have some like you d you could have the fonts you know special, so you have man in like in in uh in one o in one font and then the O_ as like Although you don't wanna cut uh cut women out of the uh potential buyers though, do you? So Yeah. Marketing. Well that's the thing. We need to know who we're selling it to before we can really decide on a Um. Yeah. More likely. Well th the on the thing is though, most remote controls are used by more than one person. So unless you're kind of targeting single people you know you're gonna maybe cut out some a lot of your market. Still shaped for yeah for your hand but not for a particular hand, right? Well it can still be a, you can still extend past the hand. Uh. Well it means like, this remote here is kind of is very thin and long so instead of having you know you might have it kind of a bit bigger or, you know, with maybe some some finger molds or something. Some finger grips maybe. You could even have some buttons like you know on the sides and everything, but Yeah. Yeah. No. I was still uh I was still working on this uh twenty five Euro price point because I think actually having looked at some of the remotes out there, this is quite a low uh price if if we're maybe I can get to this in my presentation though, but um yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah. I think even even if it was within budget do a speech reco rec system it might be a bit difficult because if you think if you're watching T_V_ you're gonna have a lot of this uh background noise from the T_V_ which might interfere with the Uh participant three. You might have some background noise from the T_V_ which will make the speech recognition much uh harder, so. Oh you press a press a button to talk, and the the T_V_ the T_V_ sound turns off. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Okay, so, could I describe the mouse maybe be easier to could I use the mouse, or Mm. Thanks. Okay. Great. Okay so um while uh researching this this topic I first of all just thought of a couple of things that I would like to see in a remote, and just uh looked to see if they're actually available in any current remotes, and then also searched for which are the top-rated uh remote controls on Epinions dot com, which is a a you know a a customer um written basically review site. So um there's a pretty wide range of uh remote controls these days and and uh this remote control on the right here is is one of the more extravagant, but it's not really it's by no means uh mm you know on it's own in being so expensive. There are a lot of expensive remote controls out there. So yeah it doe it's well basically all the functions uh are controlled through through the L_C_D_ screen except for the really really kind of main functions, which have a couple of of their own buttons. Um and if you look at a lot of the universal remotes out um on the market, I know we're working on television remote, but a lot of the universal remotes out there have uh have these L_C_D_ screens which kind of helps when you're using multiple uh devices I suppose because you can have multiple kind of functions d different functions on the screen at different times. But um the thing that I find most interesting about this remote control, and it's kind of difficult to uh to see in the slide, but it has a scroll wheel on it, which is kind of like uh a mouse scroll wheel, which I think is it's a really kind of important design aspect um is it's 'Cause the thing is what a what we the presen this presentation we had is what we want the remote control to actually do. And obviously the the simplest thing that a remote control does is it just change the change the channel. Now um uh the I think that a scroll wheel is actually pretty a pretty handy way of of changing the channel. 'Cause I know when I um when I use the remote to change the channel I very rarely use the numbers on the on the pad. I usually use the up and down because most channels are you know two digit numbers and you have to press you know a special button to enter a two-digit number, and then two numbers, so that's just uh it's annoying. So I think a scroll wheel is is quite handy. Now um the the scroll wheel is is much more useful if you have an L_C_D_ screen, and this brings us to the the point you were mentioning before about the internet uh capability. One possibility, if we now we need to still talk about the price point because obviously a lot of this stuff can't be done for twenty five Eu uh Euro, but one possibility is to download program information into the L_C_D_ screen so that instead of actually saying I want to I want to go to channel thirty seven because I know this programme's on, you know, often you don't know what ch what channel it's on, or you don't know what's on. If you have a list of of programs on your L_C_D_ screen you just scroll to that program rather than to a channel. So if you think about it's kind of like a you know in mobile phones now you don't use you don't remember people's phone number, you remember their name and you go find that name and ring it. So this would be pretty kind of a handy thing to have, but um we we really need t to discuss the price. So, I mean there are there are uh cheaper this is another multi kinda purpose remote control where it's it's it's very simple, there's only a few buttons, but al each of those buttons does something different in a different context. So this is something else we might wanna consider, is really kind of limiting the number of buttons, because this is the top rating uh universal remote control on on Epinions. It it's really uh maybe worth thinking about limiting the number of buttons as much as as possible um because really I think people want to be able to find the button they're looking for without even looking at the remote control. And was saying before about having different size buttons for different you know frequently used uh tasks, but I think also you know the location and and shape of the buttons is important, but also the number of buttons. So if you have too many buttons it it it increases the the difficulty of finding the one you want. So Yeah well we w Yeah well we will have a bit of a simpler uh task in that we're only doing uh a television remote control. Um I think maybe one option is to have you know a little flip-open um door that uh that you have hidden most of the time, but contains the extra buttons like, say, the number buttons for instance. Um I I would if I had my perfect remote control, I'd probably just have no numbers at all on it because they're just in the way. They don't really do anything. Maybe you know I although I do also find flip-open doors a bit of a pain because sometimes they can break off or or whatever, but maybe a door that you can you can permanantly remove or permanantly have on would be good. Um but I think definitely you need to to keep the buttons down to a minimum, but not not let that kind of interfere with the functionality of of the device. Um Well I guess that depends on how you market it. If you if you have the right advertisement showing how how how easy it is and how you can, you know, navigate to a program without the numbers, then people might say that looks pretty easy. So, but yep. Um okay, so, I think um one of the really kind of useful things you can do with with internet connectivity would be to have this a programme driven interface rather than the channel number. So if we can have a higher priced uh remote control I think that would really be worth uh something that would be worth implementing. Um mm there's the L_C_D_ screen, um which maybe maybe is too expensive, um but I think also at the scroll wheel, I haven't mentioned it here, the scroll wheel could be used without an L_C_D_ screen, just for changing channel numbers easily. I think even that, I mean, that would be a fairly cheap thing, compared to an L_C_D_ screen, to implement, um but I think that would be quite useful as well. And the other thing, you say we need to we need to keep it just television, but I think one maybe one option, since this is supposed to be a kind of a fashionable device, is you know there's a certain kind of cool or wow factor that you can kind of you can have with technology, and maybe we wanna make it something that's extensible to do other tasks. Say you have like um a little another little kind of base unit that can also receive signals as well as the television where you can, say uh, change the lighting in the room. You know that would be something maybe you could sell as an extra, so that it doesn't have to be part of the initial development, but, you know, later on you could you can you know you also, selling the potential of the device. Then you say potentially you can then do other cool stuff like change the lights, I dunno, close the windows, whatever, turn the heating on, and um, I think that's something we may need to have as as at least as an optional extra to to kinda make our product cool, since we say we're putting the fashion in electronics. Hmm. Well one one other thing that that speech recognition could really blow out the price for is uh when you want to sell into other markets, though, because, I'm not sure exactly where we're gonna sell this, but I presume it's not gonna just be English speaking countries. So then you have to s you know, you have to train models for Yeah. You know I guess you could actually train the remote control as you're using it by saying you know turn volume up, and you press the uh press the button like uh s people teach sign language to kids f well, by speaking and doing Yeah. Actually I'm not so sure because I'm the you know if I was using a remote control to, say, turn the volume up because I can't hear it very well, I don't really want to you know drown out what people are saying by talking you know when I'm when I'm instead of pressing up on on a remote control. You know if there's some there's some dialogue all of a sudden that I can't hear, I'm trying to actually find out what's being said, so maybe speech recognition gets in the way more than it helps. Well it depends if it's a remote control th Maybe if the remote control is something that y you don't actually have to pick up anymore, that would be a a useful feature of the speech recogntion. If you can leave it sitting on the table and you don't actually have to find it, then that could be. Well it depends though well it depends. If we we don't unless we have some input some video input to the T_V_ or we have control over the T_V_ then we can't actually display that. Like if we if we produce the T_V_s then then yeah we can put you know menus up up there, but otherwise we need to actually have some kind of something sitting in between the video signal and the and the T_V_ to superimpose those those menus. So that's an extra cost. Well this is this is another que we still haven't really defined the remote. Are we still you say we're focusing on T_V_, but is it still a kind of like a universal remote in that it's a replacement remote control, or is this something for our own line of of televisions? 'Cause that really makes a big difference. 'Cause even if we have contacts we can't really produce a remote control that can bring up menus on other other companies' T_V_s. It's just there are too many T_V_s out there. It's it's not really gonna For twenty five Euro? I think it's impossible. But but I dunno, I think um it would be good to know if there is any leverage in that any leeway in that um that twenty five Euro because for twenty five Euro I think all we can really do is provide a very basic remote control, and that seems to be kind of against the philosophy of our company which is you know putting the fashion into electronics. So I would I would like to know if there's any chance of of increasing the uh of increasing the unit price. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah because yeah. Well th 'Cause you can have things like the programme name instead of the channel numbers, like an interactive programme guide. You can get a lot more information on it. So you could have the name of the programme, you could have um the start time you know where it's up to. You could have a l even a little image of you know the c you know the the m the main actors or something so you can quickly just kind of even without reading Well no, but there are the electronic programme guides out there. They may not have pictures, but maybe they do. There's dependi it also depends on the country. No but I mean with the internet you have flexibility of where you get your information from. So it may be possible that there are people out there providing that. Uh. Well I I think if we're gonna I think we would definitely need the internet connection because even with y I don't think you could even get teletext information from the T_V_ onto the remote control, especially if we don't control the T_V_. I dunno. We need to find that out. Mm. If it's a really small T_V_ maybe. Well the thing is I think I think the type of peop I think the type of people that are gonna want to buy a very stylish rem r remote control with lots of new technologies are the kinda people that are gonna have you know a wireless internet connection maybe, or a you know. Well this is what we need to find out. Can we can we increase the the price point of this remote control? 'Cause otherwise we need It's kind of hard to guarantee that you're gonna Ninety five percent is not good enough though. Yep.
Uh. Mm I was thinking of the Mando. Mando. A_N_ yeah D_O. It doesn't it doesn't sound cool for me, but maybe for a Spanish for I for Control. But mm, yeah. Mando sounds Latino. But yeah it uh Yeah because if the product will be international Maybe maybe I should uh start. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Should be in participant four. Yeah, yeah. Uh. Okay so yeah I will I will give a brief outline about what I what I prepared for this meeting. For the functional requirements and especially for the for the user requirements. I prepare a marketing report and we have to find the weaknesses and and the the improvements we could do to the current remote controls. And also I di I did a study with for the incorporation of new technologies it seems that the remote controls have been have remained the same for the last five, ten years. There is no no significant difference between the the b the first new controls and Yeah. Yeah. Well more most of the people think that remote controls are ugly, thoroughly. So and they they admit that the the they should uh s they would uh spend more money in a fancier remote control, which is which is good and it's interesting point. Also the people are worried about about the R_S_I_ disease, which is if you repeat the sa the same movement, which is not a with a not very appropriate device, you you will have problems whe when you will get old. So s people are uh are worried about the the shape of the of the remote control. They are also they get angry very often because they lost the remote control very often, so I think it would be a good point to to l to to find a a solution to any beep any alarm or something incorporated to with the remote control every time it it get lost. And also I found that young people the the younger people are the more interested they are in incorporating new technologies in the in the remote control. So in my opinion the Mando this Mando shouldn't be very small because the smaller it is, the more like the the liklier it is to get lost. Liklier or more likely? likely. Okay. Uh people also complain because they they they all have the same size of the buttons for buttons who w which are not very use like f uh memorising channels or or this kind of actions which are not very often but they they shouldn't they shouldn't have the same importance in the in the uh in the remote cont in the remote control. Also the z the design should fit the hand shape. So it may be interesting to to think in a in both prototypes, for right and left handed people. Yeah. I dunno I th Anyway I think it could be int interesting to to release some a a small fraction of of this remote controls. Sorry? Yeah. Yeah. Sorry? Yeah. Like uh Yeah, like No no I was thinking of so like something yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. It sh it shouldn't it shouldn't be symmetric symmetrical. Not anymore. That's what yeah. And finally, the incorporation of a L_C_D_ or a speech recognition system in the remote control could also be interesting, but I don't know if the budget would be large enough. But most of yeah most of the young people to thirty to thirty years old were really interested in this kind of technology. Actually this marketing report is restricted to T_V_ remote controls. Yeah but you should be able to activate or disactivate, so yeah yeah. Yeah uh channel fifty. Yeah. H I think I think that the tr the transition to this to this new remote control shouldn't be very very abrupt very hard because w if people see a remo see the see a remote control without numbers mm they will think it's very difficult to learn very difficult to very different build very different to the traditional If y I'm sure if you can sell a a speech recognition remote control for twenty five Euros everyo everyone will s will buy it. I'm sure. Yeah but you know the the average frequency of pushing buttons, it's about it's about eighty eighty eighty pushes per hour, or something like that. With a good shape for the Yeah. Uh What would be Wha but what would be one question, what would be the goal of putting an L_C_D_ in a remote control? What what kind of information? Yeah but mo most of the T_V_s nowadays show the show the the n Yeah but yeah most of the T_V_s have teletext nowadays. Yeah. So what would what would appear in the in the L_C_D_? Okay. But Yeah. I think that the speech recognition technology would be cheaper the than the L_C_D_. Because with the L_C_D_ you need more requirements. You need a internet connection. You need m more things. But for the speech recognition you you don't need anything. You just say channel fifty, and that's it. But then we should move to another target b because at twenty five Dollars, it's To move to another target? the expert uh said ninety five percent.
Yep. Yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. Yeah they are the most T_V_ watcher. So we should be careful. Yep. Well maybe it could be a universal design. A universal design, which is which is good for both the hands. Yeah? That's right, whether it's left hand or right hand, but but don't you think that the two points are clashing, one thing you are saying design should fit the hand shape and it should not be very small? The first and the third point, they are clashing. Okay. So fitting the hand doesn't mean much then. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. So it means design should be similar to the traditional ones? Little sleek, longer? And it should fit the hand. Mm-hmm mm-hmm mm-hmm. Mm-hm mm-hmm mm-hmm. No it could be command control kind of thing. It requir recognises particular sequence and then it gets activated. Means you say you should say like does that, remote control being on or be on kind of thing, and then remote control comes in the picture for the speech recognition. Because this kind of thing means speech is there from the T_V_ also. So there should be something command controlled, you start and then you stop. It's like V_I_ editor, you are having two modes similarly. Otherwise it's just lying idle. Change the channels. Yeah. Mmm-hmm mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. But there is one problem then the user has to understand each of that functionality. Because the same button is doing too many things. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. It does sampling out of the. Yep. So yeah. So most of the things which we are discussing about is speech recognition uh, that means on my own I yeah, it should be. Two. Okay so the working design is uh user i interface could be of two types, one is the usual press buttons which are there so that the user feels that he is knoing doing some he is knowing about that technology. So he is pretty comfortable if he wants to get this, and on top of that there there could be a speech recognition technology also being sitting on the on the remote. So the old kind of users who don't want to have any changes, it can it can be useful for them, and the new users, as uh our Marketing Expert was saying, they can use the new gizmo which is speech recognition kind of thing. That's right. So anyway, that didn't come into my mind, so th that is a possibility. These could be other kind of interfaces. Means we can have, depending on the cost, how much we can afford, we can have different kind of interfaces. So spe buttons are something which is very everybody is familiar with. So if you go to the market and you say that buttons are there the people know what it is, and on top of that if we are having extra functionality people are willing to shell that twenty-five Euros money which we are thinking. Otherwise we are just like others in the market. So anyway that is the first, user interface could be of more than one type, and uh yeah that means we can do the on-line changes which which cannot be done now actually. So apart from the speech, we can have the scroll kind of thing with the buttons. Now for buttons, normal requirements like bit coding and all those things are required. And for voice, limited vocabulary automatic speech recognition system is required and we require a microphone also to be sitting there on the remote. Uh that's right. But uh means we have to see how much what kind of microphones and stuff like that. Uh yes, if it is limited vocabulary usually it's enough. Yeah we we can uh target, means we can target ninety five percent accuracy or somewhere ninety seven perc That's right. No it it could be little d yeah it could be That's right. That's right. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. Uh it's more like, means there are different speech technologies which are existing so D_T_W_ could be kind of which is the easiest. So you have to store some templates on the on the on the chip itself, and it's just dynamic time warping where you try to find out what it is, instead of having a model which has to be trained and being a micro-controller. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. So we can That's right. Yep. Yep. No no. Components. Yeah. So, will you go to the next slide? Yeah so this is the design which we are thinking so. We are having a power button and the switch, which is not much, and then we are having the which is to indicate whether the power is on or not. And then there are two kind of things which can be so one is the button interface which has not been shown because because of lack of time. So we could not put that. So now where the A_S_R_ decoder is sitting, similarly there are different kind of interfaces which could be there. So there is A_S_R_ decoder which could be there, and then there could be another scroll button scroll scroller, and then there could be buttons, and all of them they will just do the decoding and put it in the math put it in the proper message format. And then there is there is the chip which is sitting, the green one, and it converts it into bit codes, and that bit codes are sent by the infrared device to the receiver. So this is the easiest design the there could be. So th an A_S_R_ decoder we can have things in. To have different technologies. So this was the my personal preference was that we can have A_S_R_ sitting there on the remote control. Yeah. Yeah but uh as soon as you try to put the microchip kind of thing or something the price will go up. So these are the slight problems. Because yeah the reason is that if we go into the market means though I don't have much idea, but as he the uh Marketing Expert presentation was So if we go with just the Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. It's not possible. It's impossible. Are But just a small thing, what kind of market we are targeting? Is it that we are targeting the replacement remote market, or what? So the remote has gone bad and the person wants to buy a new remote or because the cost of L_C_D_ thing could be as high as the T_V_ itself. That is very important. Broke. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. It's it's cheaper as compared to the L_C_D_. Means th yeah twenty five Euros is yeah, that's right. Okay.
Okay everybody is ready? Good morning again. So, today we are going to have a f second meeting. Oh Michael, hi. You're late. You have a good reason for that? Very good. Okay, let's have a look to the agenda today. So, we are going to have a meeting about the functional design. Um so first before starting I w just going to uh to go quickly to through the minutes of previous meeting. So uh basically we we are not decided if w we should go for a universal or specific uh uh remote control, but I have new um new i inputs for about that topics. I goin I'm going to share with you. And uh basically we decided to um to uh go to individual actions for each of you uh so um Industrial Designer should wor was supposed to work on th on th on the working design. You showed us you ar you you prepare something for us? The U_I_ guy also uh work on that, yeah, and for the mar our Marketing Expert should deliver some specs. Alright so so we are going to go through three of your individual presentations. But first I would like quickly to uh to decide of to give a name to the project. So, I just put d quickly Remo, but if you have any o other names that we co could decide for just to to keep something fun for our project we we should we could discuss quickly. Any ideas? Powerstick, yeah. What else? What else? Mango? Mango? Mando. M_A_? M_A_? M_ D_O_. Mm, okay. What does it mean? Oh. Hmm. Nice. Okay. So, let's go for Mando? Yeah? No objection? Great. So Okay, I think this is Okay. Okay, I think this is more a question of of I I think this is more a question of of look and feel. Something that should be addressed later. We should we should go to other for the other topics. Yeah okay, so let's stick f to Man Mando for the name and we'll see for the for the look and feel later. So let's go for the three presentations right now. So, who want to start? So maybe we could start with the market, yeah. Okay so I have your slides somewhere? Participant four. This one? S that's coming. Uh okay. Great. Mm-hmm. Okay. Sh next slide? Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Something with the shape of the palm? On the sides. And then finally Yeah. First I'm just wondering about the L_C_D_ stuff because uh because Yeah, so maybe it's a good time for me to uh to bring you to some new uh new informations. We had the new requirements from the so uh from the head offices of the company, and so they wanted so they want to um they would like to be restricted to T_V_. Okay, I dunno if you had this information already. No, so they want us to restrict the remote control to T_V_ only because of time limitations. Um they want also uh Excellent. So we have also to focus more on the internet aspects because well well te teletext is outdated now and uh finally, it should be clear that the corporate image, that means colours and logos of the co our company should be clearly inde identified in the product. So Yeah yeah. Sure sure. So maybe we can jump to your presentations, right now. Okay so let's keep in mind about tha that that this last point about L_C_D_ and speech uh reco Sorry, what is your? Okay Michael. Sorry? Um yeah. The wheel doesn't work. Looks like a P_D_A_? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, can you continue, please Mi? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, thanks. you want to go? This one? Great. No, not that one. you are two. Alright. Okay, sorry to interrupt you, but we have seen before that there is a new way of interacting that use wheel. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That increases the the cost also. Do you think that performance of such systems are enough to to target well of such technologies is enough? Okay. Well wh uh I imagine also that the microphone will be an ambiance um a um an ambience microphones because you are not going to speak into into th into the remote control. So it could be s a few centimetres. Yeah. Okay. Okay we shou we should discuss this la later after after after this this uh slide. This is a this is a this is a a very important uh issue in discussion. Okay, next. Uh that finished? No? Components? Yes sure. Okay. Okay. So your your opinion is that we should go for special condition technologies? Yeah. Okay so Okay gentlemens, we have to take some deci decisions right now. Um so if I if I kind of summarise everything we've de we we said. We are targeting T_V_. We need we need to have um um remote control which is fanc fancy, which is uh which is easy to to hand not too small, not too big. Um we have or good shape, yes. We should bring new technologies for young peoples, and uh as we have uh also requirements to to use uh to to push thr toward the internet. Maybe this is something we can stick to it. And um also, a very interesting things I I I've seen on on on the one of the comp o our competitor is this wheel that we can use to navigate. So so my feeling is that re regarding costs budget we have an an an target price, it's not possible to go s to go to L_C_D_ and also to go to automatic speech recognition technologies. Uh first m m why not to go to L_C_D_. Because um in fact as we are targeting uh T_V_ in fact we can use T_V_ screen as a screen to feedback to to give some feedback informations about what we could have. Yeah that's right. Don don't you ha don't we have contacts with uh people on T_V_ or or well systems that exist that we can use? Yeah. Yeah. That's good point. What's what cou what could be the cost of uh well, could we fit the the targets uh in terms of cost uh if we go s to L_C_D_ on the remote control? Yeah. So you mean yo you mean we we should target something maybe which is which would be more expensive but re really fancy in terms to um in terms to had to have really an added value? Okay, so regarding the automatic speech recognition, I think this is They have tele teletext. Well, because they have teletext on it. Th th you have a teletext sin signal that you can that you can uh that you can get thr through the channel. They have t most of them have teletext, but we want to get rid well one of our requirements is to uh to move to teletext to uh to the use of internet. So to to uh to browse more easily the teletext. For instance through uh through your remote control. The ti the start time, all the p all the programmes you could have uh o Well I don't know if this information is available from teletext, also. Well because for the same reason that we cannot uh informations on the T_V_. We c we couldn't grab information information which is not there. So so that mean w w we need an in an extra internet connection to use the remote control, if you want to browse, in addition to the T_V_, or uh or it should be a special T_V_ connected to Okay. We need to close the meeting. Um so Very quickly. No. Yeah, well people go to buy another remote control when they broke n broke their, and they want to go t for universal one, and they take the fanciest they can have. So this is that we z that that we should target. So the com the um the uh the committment is the following, we don't go for speech recognition technology. The L_C_D_ is still on disc is still open to discussion. It is up to you to go through this um uh this way and to to report report me back next meeting. So Yeah, but not sure. Maybe it's cheaper, but we have no Okay this is this is an open question for you. Yeah. This is uh up to you to tell us. But I'm definitely not keen on to to no no no, I'm no I'm definit definitely not keen on going to speech recognition technologies. I'm not confident enough. I'm not sure that that we'll have a product really that work. I uh that work It's real yeah. How to guarantee such performances is really hard. Well this is still is is very bad. So, this is the end of this discussion. Next meeting uh here are the task you have to work on. Um so you have to work on the component uh concept. Uh you have to work on user interface, and you have to go through a trend watching. Okay. So the question is still open about the L_C_D_ thing. Um uh we I hope that next meeting we will uh we'll take some um decision that direction. Thanks. Bye.
";"The project manager opens the meeting stating that they will address the functional design of the remote and saying they are still undecided about whether it should be universal or specific. He suggests they name the project and they come up with ""mando"", meaning ""control"" in Spanish. The marketing expert presents some research done on user opinions of remotes. He suggests the use of using voice recognition or an LCD, which they discuss despite concerns about budget limitation. The industrial designer presents, showing examples of existing products and suggesting they add a scroll wheel for channel-changing. He says Internet capability might be necessary for an LCD and then brings up button size, suggesting having a flip-open door with extra buttons under it. They discuss voice recognition again, and then the interface specialist presents. He suggests they have two types of user interfaces and brings up that voice recognition would increase production price. They talk about the budget limitations on features and then the project manager summarizes decisios made and closes the meeting by teeling each group member what he should work on. "
"Okay? Good afternoon. Hope you have good lunch. Oh. Nice. And you? Okay. So today is um our third meeting. It will be about the conceptual design uh. If I come back to uh the minutes of the last meetings um. We decided not to go for speech recognition technologies because of some reasons and we are not decided about u the use of L_C_D_ screen on on the remote control because of costs. So maybe we cou wi will be able to clarify this this question to today. Uh at the end of the meeting we should take decision on that point. So I hope uh that your respective pr presentations uh will help us. So each of you have some presentatio presentation to perform um who starts? So marketing. So you are you saved your y your presentation somewhere? So you're four? Which is trend watch. Okay. Mr Marketing Experts. So Mm-hmm. Next slide? Yeah. Okay. Mm. Drawings of bananas. Uh-huh. Well so this is in the next slide certainly. It's not? So maybe you maybe you can display a banana on the L_C_D_. Apple for channel one. Okay. That's a question. Maybe too long. A banana. Okay. Yeah and you you you will not have pla enough a lot of place to put a L_C_D_ on a banana also. Well, you're the Marketing Expert you should tell us if it is too much or not. So So you you you suggest to go f Okay. S so you're simply you're simply looking s to a remote control that looks like a banana with few buttons with only a few buttons. Okay good. So maybe you can go ahead? Okay. Thanks. Um. Okay, I'll give the floor. So you are User Interface guy. So you're three? And it's this one. Go for it. I there's something that I unclear really understanding. Is this a technology that recognize keywords speech keywords? And it's just to, it's just to playback something? Yeah yeah. So this is not s really to do to to do control. Yeah. This is just more like a poi pois yeah. Yeah yeah. So it it's c uh it it it is a uh uh easy uh a fancy thing that you you can bring to we can bring to the remote control that will not have any uh yeah comp completely pointless for the inter for from the interaction point of v point of view. Okay. Yeah yeah. So this is so this is this is much more than tak taking this technology, bringing it to the remote control and using it. So this is out of discussion. So if if if it is something that you can we can bring easily and to put it into the banana remote control No this is mm banana-bando, yeah. Uh then it could be cool yeah. Okay. Okay. It doesn't look like a banana at all. Yeah. But you you can fit i you're saying now you can fit it to Yeah. Mm. It's enough. Switch on. Yeah. Okay. So i it looks like we're going completely to forget about the L_C_D_ thing. I think that No we can we can't use that. We can't use that to to comman co communicate, it's just a thing No. Yeah. Yeah. A good good good thing. You want to g to move to your slides? You're finished? Yeah I think so. Mm-hmm. Mm. Exactly yeah. Oh, good idea. Very good. Okay, let's move on. So you're two? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm but i but there is no elasticity which could be Yeah but the components inside. Yeah. Very too expensive to do. And also uh Yeah but it's more easier to do a banana in plastic than uh in wood. Well it look like it looks like you are all targeting that yeah? Yes it is. Yeah? Pumpkin. Green. Um um um, yes I see. Pep pepperoni. Poivron. Uh pepper. But um they do d Yeah. Yeah. It's not re it you you think it's really fancy and fun? You think that young people that are Yeah. More than a banana? Yeah. It's kind it's kind of it's more uh it's really ergonomic, it's fit in the hand and you've a lot of surface to to put the controls. Okay let's move on. So time is running, let's move on. Okay. S objects. Crazy objects. Okay. Okay, good. Bu it's it's. You s you you thing. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You think that yellow it's kitsch. If you make something that looks like a banana it should have the colour of a banana. O otherwise Roughly. Yeah. Okay. Let's move on. Uh uh yeah. Before before st before ending the meeting I'd like to to draw some sketch about the pro future prot prototype. Go for it. Well no, not not you, you can finish your slides before Mm okay. Okay. That's all? Okay, so mm so well done for the presentations. So we need to take some de decisions about um about what we're going to do. So I I propose that you go to the whiteboard and we're going to report all the ideas we had we had during this these presentations just to draw some sketch about what will be the prod final product and uh where Superman go banana and uh uh extra func functionalities such as wheels, um the speaker unit um well not in order not to lost the um the device, I do I don't remember you call it? Basis station, yeah. Uh so um so we're going for a stylish banana shape. Yeah, right. We I if it i if it has really the model shape of a bana you could the the starting is good but it could it should have more the shape of a banana if you want to point really a at the thing. If you don't want to to to do that movement which is which is difficult if you don't have to do it in fact, it's better. So ti time is running, we have to we have to we have to to move forward. So let's skip to uh this uh this this this idea. Yeah. So we have this. We have a a basis um, how do you call it? A base station. We'll have a base station extra uh on the side. Yeah. Uh, we have a R_F_ for um for beeping for beeping. We need b R_F_ to beep. So we that means we need a button on th on the on the basis. Basis station, thank you. Can you go quickly please? Okay. So we are going to add uh also um you as you suggested the whee some wheels to control the volumes and channels and your tur turbo turbo uh button. Yeah, on the th yeah, maybe here. And the and the wheel a a at the level of the thumb for instance. And and you have two wheels. Okay right. Good. So no L_C_D_. Okay great. Um. Very good. Yeah. Oh, just the switch, no f not for the T_V_ for the T_V_. Uh so you On the side. Twenty five. Yeah. So. Well. No. Time is running, we have to close the meeting in a few minutes. So, okay, the next step, you can come back to your seat. The next step is to go for to f is to go to uh to building a prototype, based on this, okay? So next meeting you guys have to prepare the followi things. You have to uh work on the look and feel uh design and you have to work on the user interface, in fact you two you have to work together to model the first uh f first prototype. Uh Marketing Expert uh have to go to product evaluation. Okay? It's too difficult. It's not a possi it will not be possible to implement it for the next prototype, so t it's in the next prototype so let's skip it. Yeah, maybe, for the n if if if it it works well, we'll go for uh an orange one. Yeah yeah, honour the fruit. Okay. Thanks very much. We'll see n next meeting. Bye. Thank you.
Hi. Uh, yes, I had something similar but non-vegetarian. Yeah. What what do you mean by fruit and vegetables and spongy? What you mean clothe No, I missed that one. Oh, they're okay so they're not like dressed as a carrot they just have like pictures of fruit on, okay. So we're not gonna have a remote control in the shape of of a banana, just maybe Okay and So which fruit are you thinking of? Oh, so you want the remote control to be the shape of a fruit, or you want just some kind of like fruit logo on the So something that looks half like a fruit and half like an elephant. But okay, I'm not, I'm not really sure if uh that would really appeal to everyone though, maybe just to fashion gurus, like maybe just like a little bit n a little fruit picture somewhere in the corner, but I don't know about uh I dunno how ergonomic a, an orange is. To fruit? But is it uh is fruit cool? Is fruit cool? Well I guess, you know, Apple has the iPod so, imagi just 'cause they have an apple on their on their product, doesn't mean fruit is cool. Okay, but it has to be easy to uh to use though and to hold you know, you don't wanna pear or a watermelon. Well, probably the only thing is a banana that I can think of, a cucumber. I dunno. Maybe. Too green. So, but I mean you also have to you have to also have, fit r all the buttons and you know. It's, it The thing is you have t normally with um with buttons, they have to be at some point attached to a circuit board so if you're gonna have things like on a cylindrical kind of device it may be difficult to kind of to build. Yeah. Well, this is Okay. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Okay. So. S next uh slide. Okay. So I received an email um around lunchtime letting me know that the brilliant minds at our technology division had developed an integrated programmable sample sensor sample speaker unit, um which is a way for you to have a conversation with your coffee machine and or remote control. It's no, what it is, it's it's very It has a has a microphone, has a speaker, it's got a little chip and it allows you t Well, it's a sample sensor sample speaker. Sample sensor sample speaker. It means that it can recognize, it can do like a match on a on a certain phrase that you speak and then can play back a phrase in response to that. But uh there's no kind of um understanding of the phrase. So, I mean, you know, I guess you could build that in, you could you could link the the recognition of a certain phrase to some function on on the remote control. But basically the thing is, we have this technology available in-house. So, um but the thing is obviously there's still gonna be a cost if you decided to integrate that because you still have to pay for the c production of the components, so um it it but it basically means we c we can kind of consider this from uh you know uh a theoretical or usability kind of viewpoint without worrying too much about you know how to develop it because we have this already done. Whilst you know, some people might get annoyed if we uh if we just dump it, It's it it's no, well, it's it'll recognize uh I guess keywords, but you know keywords in a certain order like a phrase. You train it for a certain uh, for a certain phrase, you say the the example they said that they have uh up and running with their prototype is um well they've actually integrated into the into the the coffee machine that uh that we're producing is, you can say good morning to the coffee machine and it can recognize that phrase and it'll playback good morning, how would you like your coffee? Yeah. So actually that was a bad example, 'cause it doesn't actually ask how do you want your coffee because it can't really understand the response, so. Only, like, only in the sense that it it can recognize a set a set target kind of word an It's designed it's designed as a fun kind of thing, but I guess you could use it as uh as a way to implement uh Completely pointless yeah. Yeah. Yeah, unless you know, you like having conversation with your remote control. Well yeah, that's the thing, if you can but you have to pro though I think it's a fairly simple design so you would have to record into the device every possible combination, you have to s tr train it to l to learn channel fifteen, that whole thing, not just the word channel and the word fifteen, it doesn't have that kind of logic in it. So Yeah, that would be some development work. Yeah. Banana-mando. Banana-man I uh I I I don't think it's worth it though, I think it doesn't really add much to the functional design and it's it's it's not mature enough to use as a speech recognition engine, so Um, yeah. So if we can just move on to the next slide, I've just done a quick mock-up of uh uh some of the features of our potential funky-looking uh remote control Well, you see, I was I was unaware at this point of th of the fruit focus, um, so at the moment it's more of a box focus. Yeah, well, this is actu this could be a genetically engineered fruit that's designed to be you know square so that it packs tighter in the boxes. But um, I've just indicated here, we could have actually two scroll wheels, 'cause I think the scroll wheel is a fairly um key part of, you know, I think everyone has has agreed that it's that it could be quite a useful um thing, so. But I think it's important, you know, to have two scroll wheels because, you know, you want one for for the channel, but you also want one for for the volume, because it's it's the volume i it's, you know it's very handy for it to have uh instant kind of uh feedback uh and response, so. But um, I've also included this turbo button because I think, you know, every design should have a turbo button, and well so this is you know, a unique problem with with televisions is that if you have this scro this scroll wheel for the television, the uh the tuner on the T_V_ is not gonna be able to to switch between stations as fast as you can scroll, so you know, the th the person might want to have a uh Might want to be able to scroll past television stations without seeing what's on them, in which case it just waits until you stop scrolling and then, you know, displays that station. Or they might want to scroll and and have a quick glimpse of it, even if it lags behind what they're doing. Yeah, so with this turbo button you can, say, skip over t channels if uh, you know, if I'm if I'm going if I'm scrolling past them and you know, it's um, you could have a little red light that comes up when they press it so they feel you know it's really going fast or whatever. So yeah, that's um, those are the two important uh features I think we need on the remote, but I mean we can discuss about what other kind of buttons we need, um. You know, i it could be, you know, if we if we wanna have like a very cheap kind of device, I mean, we could either consider that maybe we want to sell this as a very, if it's gonna be a banana, you know that's a pretty gimmicky kind of thing that doesn't have that much functionality, it's just you know a couple of scroll wheels and a button cause it's hard to get so many buttons on a banana and it's still very it may even be for most for some people more functional than their current remote, but if they have these scroll wheels, so, um you know, what other buttons do we want? I mean we could have well, I guess you need an on and off switch, but you could you could o you could turn it turn it on by taking the top off the banana maybe, you know, it's kind of like a spy kind of flick thing. That's why you're a marketing guru. Well, that's the thing, as have we decided that we can only spend, uh, twenty five Euro? Well not spend, but you know, charge twenty five Euro. But then you have to have a template for every channel, for a hundred channels, you have to be able to to recognize Mm. Well, I f I think it's probably more than, than our can handle because it's designed for a coffee machine, you know, to say hello in the morning. Well that's its current application, I would presume that it's kind of, they wouldn't design it to handle a hundred things th so. But uh Well I just I just made the point, I don't I don't know if that speech recognition is, you know, even if we can do it, I think it's not really appropriate for uh television environment. But um I did have one thing from a previous meeting, you were talking about um being able to find the remote control and I was talking about extendin being able to extend the remote control by having you know, a base station that can control other things as well. It might be useful to have some kind of base station, even if it's just you press on a button on it and uh and the remote control starts beeping, you know, this is a way of finding the remote. Y in that case maybe the maybe the speech recognition the speech thing could be useful just to say I'm here but uh it's probably a bit of overkill if you could just have a a beeping It's speech It's it's speech synthesis and s it's speech kind of, not really speech recognition, but kind of pattern matching, yeah yeah. I guess that fits in with the spongy kind of design philosophy. So, just one second, when you say double curve, what do you actually mean? You reckon you could like draw us a thing on the, on the whiteboard 'cause I'm not sure Okay, but like, kind of convex or concave? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Although, you know, wood could be uh quite a stylish uh option, if you take like, nice quality kind of wood that's got a nice grain and you kind of put some, some varnish on. Well it depends, I mean, you have the outs the wood itself is not gonna break so you don't have to worry too much about the case being broken, it's the inside. Yeah but inside you know you could have you can still have some kind of cushioning that's not visible to the to the user. And I mean you could also, you can have just a very thin veneer of wood as well. That's true, but are we set on the banana idea? It's like a pumpkin or Green. What does it taste like? Ah yeah, is it what's it in French? Yeah, okay, so capsicum or pepper. Yeah. I don't know, it seems a little bit kind of bulky to me, like like with a banana you can have Well But like a banana you can you can be holding like this and have the scroll wheel kind of on top and just roll it back and forth like that, but with uh I don't know how you would hold a capsicum and So is that, when you say speaker support, you mean it just has some output pinned which which which kind of Okay, but the speaker is actually attached to the to the chip in some way, or is just the the signal? Okay. Okay. So are there any issues where we place this this chip to make sure you can actually hear the the speaker from the outside of the banana? Okay. Yeah, but the speaker, if the speaker is actually on the chip, then if it's too far away from the the casing, or if the casing is too thick, then you may not hear the the speaker. Yeah. Yeah. So that's something we have to keep in mind with the actual physical design is to keep the the speaker close enough to the outside. Although, if It depends, if we like, if we are concentrating on like a fruit design, then maybe maybe we wanna sell a collection of fruit, you know, like a different fruit for each device. Cause that, you know, that sometimes people like to collect um you know things that of a similar type. Well, you're the one who wanted to do fruit in the first place. Like a power fruit. Yeah. Well I think that's a pretty handy feature. I think it's kind of people would find that worth it even if it wasn't uh a recharging station, even if they didn't have to buy extra batteries, you know. So Although you do need to include R_F_ kind of circuitry in the remote. Okay. I'm just wondering actually, 'cause, you know, I this whole fruit thing with the banana, it's um it seemed like it first seems a bit kind of uh niche, like only a few people would really want a banana, but what if it was kind of uh a stylised banana? You know, rather than having it kind of you know yellow and really looking exactly like a banana, you could make it kind of silver. And um, you know to give you kind of the idea of a banana but without it looking you know completely kitsch. For better want of a better word you know? Well, you know, I don I don't know how many peop Well they Yeah, like this colour this colour Maybe, you know, maybe like still in the shape of a banana. No, exactly. Exactly. Um, but you know, just maybe maybe not exactly the same texture as a banana and just kind of, you know because the thing is it's gonna be a little bit difficult to make um to give like the texture of a banana anyway and to k to have the exact shape. I think if you're gonna not be able to do it properly you may as well do it in a stylised way that just looks a bit more kind of, you know, twenty first century rather than sixties or seventies. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so, I guess you wanna hold like the way the end of the banana you wanna kind of hold as ma you maybe wanna kinda hold like a gun rather than 'cause you don't want it to point kind of towards the floor. So you know, so if you have like Okay, so So okay, so I guess we need, you know, something that can fit a banana shaped object. Okay, so it's uh Yeah. Alright, so we need uh okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, which I think it's it's probably best actually on the on the underneath of the the device, so you have Yes. Yeah, so you have the thumb kind of here. So yeah, you need one one here and one on on the other side, so you got volume an and channel. And, uh No L_C_D_. Oh we need a we need a power um on off switch as well. Yeah. Yeah. Where? Okay. Well, I dunno if the traditional user is gonna buy a a banana remote in the first place, you know. Y I mean you need to kind of keep it um Yeah, how many of these did we wanna sell? I can't remember, what was Yeah, but how many units did we need to to sell? Four point four million. That's a lot of fruit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh. That can be the t That can be like the turbo banana plus plus commando. Okay. Yep. We have to go design the prototype.
Okay,. Yep. Four, yeah. Yeah that's me. Uh. Well I investigate the preference more d I investigate deeper the preference of the users. Uh so the the current investigation th uh th uh sorry the current the n current trends? Yeah? Okay. Okay. Well wha what I found um can you Yeah. Thank you. What I found in order of importance from less to more important is that people want an easy to use device. After they they want something new technologic technologically speaking, but the most what they what they find more more interesting, more or more important it's uh a fancy look and feel instead of uh instead of the current the current trend which was f the functional look and feel. So now more more cool aspect, ma more a cooler aspect uh rather than a device with many functions and many buttons with instead of i instead of ha of a device which can do many things, a device which is pleasant to to watch, to see. Uh also Well in in Euro in in Paris and and Milan the in Paris and in Paris and Milan the the current trend of uh of clothes, furniture and all this all this fashion it's it's fruit and the the the theme is fruit and vegetables. And also in the in the U_S_A_ the the current the mor the most popular feeling it's it's a spongy. Spongy means eponge? So maybe we should we should think in in this direction, so Fruit vegetables is the the new have you seen the last exposition of clothes in Milan? Yeah, I I didn't miss an I didn't miss and I saw that the fruit, there are many fr pictures of fruits and vegetables in the clothes. No no, not not yet, not yet. Yeah, yeah. So te textu textures, yeah. Yeah. Vegetable textures and all this kind. Uh yeah, yeah. Uh no no, it's not. It's And Um. I ha I haven't thought of any particular fruit, but the general aspect of the of the remote control may may could remind some kind of vegetable, some kind of instead of vegetable, some natur mm uh natural object or something. But yeah it it depends on the Yeah maybe the shape the shape No, not n not not too much focus, not too much focu not n not too s not too similar to a fruit because next year the ten the trend the trend will be different. So we shouldn't be at re really attached to to the trend but For instance, yeah. African or as an elephant? Well ma maybe we we should further specify what target are we focusing. I think in my opinion we should focus on on young people because they are more open to new devi new devices and also yeah according to the marketing report ninety p ninety five percent of young people was was was able to to buy a a n a cooler remote control. What? What? Yeah? Uh Is the new trend of the No I think we we should think about a a shape with it a device with a shape of some Yeah. Don don't you think we can find uh the shape of a fruit which is handy to use? Or m Maybe. Um Yeah. Yeah but I li I like your idea that we shouldn't have a lot of buttons b buttons so Uh do you want a an L_C_D_ with twenty five Euros? I think Well, according to the to the report people are more interested in in a fa fancy look and feel and in a technological inno in innovation, so, I will give more importance to the look and feel than rather than the new inputs and also it's I'm not convinced about this L_C_D_ because you need uh internet connection, you need more things, it's not just buying a new control re remote, you need buying control remote, buying uh more things. It's not so simple. For instance, yeah. Yeah for for for given an an example yeah. Yeah no, it's what I already said. Yeah but you can u Yeah but the can we use it for saying okay, channel fifty, channel twenty? M Mando. Banana-mando yeah. Looks like a tr look likes a a tro a tropical fruit. Yeah. What's a turbo button? It con it controls the speed? Yeah. So sounds crazy. I like crazy ideas. Yeah, of course. I I think we could use somehow the s coffee machine dialogue interface or so. You we can? We can't. Yeah, but we can say channel twenty five. No? It's not a lot one hundred templates, it's not Ah, it's designed for a cof okay. Is it design for a coffee machine? Okay. Yeah. Maybe you could ask your the you could ask the engineering department if we can Yeah. Yeah. Actually I was thinking that the the shape of a banana is not it's not really handy. Uh I don't know the name o o in English uh This it's not a fruit it's a vegetable. Green. And you put in the salad. Um Oui c'est ca Pepper. And it's al it also suits with the double curve for easy of No, I mean in a I'm sure it's fun. But banana is not so handy, I think that's handier. Yeah you're right. I think that would be funny at the beginning but after one month you will be tired of be surrounded of fruits. No but I think just one fruit to control everything. A power fr a power M a Mando, a Supermando fruit. Actually I I didn't understand very well this trace speaker lost control. So you you have to buy two things, the banana and the basis station. Yeah. Yeah but I'm a bit worried about the budget. Yeah. No, I I Maybe li like that. What about what about this shape? More or less. Yeah, but how many buttons do we need? What a What about Four millions? What about a I wo what about adding the this word spotting, keyword spotting recognition saying volume up volume down? It's too difficult but people like innovation and that's really uh innovative and I don't know if it would cost a lot, just a few five words. Okay. Plus plus, okay. Maybe objective banana? Thank you.
Afternoon. Yeah, we had falafel. Mm-hmm. Spongy means it it's like sp But what's your suggestion how we can have some shape like that on the remote? Mm-hmm. Means buttons are in the shape of fruits, buttons are in the frape shape of fruits or something, apple, banana, something like that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That we can discuss afterwards. Banana. Mm-hmm. I don't th it will be rolling a lot. But it's just a speaker right? It's not a microphone. Mm-hmm. Actually I'm not reading microphone there, so that's why you can all have conversation, it just to speak to you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. In-house. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah okay, let's go ahead. Stable thing, that's right. To have, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Communicate. It's one way. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's right, yeah. So it's a speech synthesis kind of thing, something has been uh stored and it's just uh spoken out. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's right. That's right. So this is going to be about the component design. So first thing is we need power source for the remote control. So I was of the idea that we can have two kind of power supplies, one is the usual batteries which are there, they could be chargeable batteries if there's a basis station kind of thing and on top of that we can have solar cells, when the lighting conditions are good they can be used so it'll be pretty uh innovative kind. Then uh we need plastic with some elasticity so that if your if the remote control falls it's not broken directly into pieces, there should be some flexibility in t Yeah. So there should we should think of something like that and then it should be double curve. The s science for the ease of handling and there are some other issues why we need double curve. Then controls for the traditionals u traditional users we can have the push buttons so that they don't feel that it's an alien thing for them. Double curve is, you have curves on both the sides if I'm right. So it's symmetrical kind of thing, whatever it is. So, it could be curve, so it could be convex, conve concave, depending on what what we want. So there are flats, there are single curve and there are double curves. These are the three things, and there are different materials, with plastic you can have double curve but with uh certain other materials we cannot have double curve. So there there was uh there were many other materials like wood, titanium and all those things, but plastic is I think is the most appropriate one, it'll bring the cost down and anyway it's Wooden cases Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Is it an e apple which has Banana is more handier as compared to this I think, and to capsicum. Okay, so push buttons for the traditional users so that they don't feel they are alienated, just and a scroll button with push technology for channel selection, volume control and teletext browsing. These are the three scroll buttons which are already available with us in the company and we we can go ahead with that. Yeah, we can go to the next slide. Then uh there are different kind of chips, one one is the basic chip and the regular chip and one an adva advanced chip. So we can have regular chip for control. Pricing is a factor for us, that's why we'll go for the regular chip. And uh regular chip supports speaker support, so this functionality could be used for tracing the mobile phone which has been misplaced. It could be a beep kind of thing. Yes, yes, that's right, it's it's onto the chip, most most probably, not not hundred per cent sure about that. That will be the volume control I think which which a user shou it it should be already pre-defined. It should be whatever will be the case, the chip is always going to be sitting inside. Mm-hmm. Uh, so we can have it at one of the boundaries so that things are slightly better. As or as hearing is concerned, we can have some gap at some place, so that That's right. Okay. Yeah. So these these were the component selection and these things. We can go to the next slide. And uh these were the findings which I I saw with the web web, that user wants to have control more than one device wants to control more than one device from the same remote control, so our T_V_ remote can have little extra things to support additional devices like V_C_R_ D_V_D_ players which are usually attached with the T_V_, because users are like this and they don't want to have one remote control for everything, so with this additional little, we might be having slightly better market for us. Mm. Of fruits. Mm-hmm. Remotes objects, okay. And uh as well as I could see on the web the scroll button is becoming really uh hot thing s and we should have it on the remote. So you're having a basis station. Okay. Your usually your remote sits on that. So you and it's that's why it can have chargeable batteries. Now let's say Basis station is with the thing. It's like a telephone handset is there and the basis station for the telephone hand set is there. So now what user gets additionally he doesn't have to buy batteries, they're rechargeable batteries, so over the period of cor time he'll recover the cost. So you're having the basis station and there is a button, if you press that button wherever the remote it'll start beeping so you know where the remote is. Uh Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Uh this is basis station is nothing more, just it's a wire which is coming from the main cable and uh you're having one socket on which the thing sits. That's right. But all these things are usually in-house so we don't have much problems. So component cost is going to be the least. Anyway, we are not using really advanced technology, L_C_D_ has already been ruled out, A_S_R_ has been ruled out. So it's the basic thing but very trendy and very user-friendly. And Mm-hmm. A yeah, otherwise it'll be mis means you don't get b any feeling then. It's neither a banana nor a And uh going to the last slide. Okay. Okay. Okay, so. Anyway, users'll be so the findings is users'll be very interested in our locator device to find their misplaced remotes. So that was very I thought it's a very good suggestion by everybody. That's it. Yep. Mm-hmm. That's right. The basis station. That's right. There's less space on this to put with the buttons. Uh what about a The base station. Right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. That's right, yeah, we need that, yeah. Basis station. Yeah, yeah. Turbo button. Okay. Uh for the remote? Remotes don't have power on off switch. Okay. S no, that'll be controlled by the those buttons'll be there already, yeah. Means on the remote. Because remote is going to have both the interfaces, scroll as well as buttons. They are not going to cost you much, everything is in-house and now you don't want the traditional users to be apprehensive of this. Oh, yeah. That's that's another issue which I didn't think of. But you know our targets are very high, means fifty million Euros is the profit which we want make. Twenty five. Twelve point five is the profit on one. Uh forty th four. Point point four million? Point four million. In the market. Mm-hmm. For the future prototypes. So meeting's over? Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you. The problem is after all this meeting there is
";The project manager opens the meeting, stating that it is about conceptual design. He restates the last meeting's descision that they will not do speech recognition technology but says they still have to decide whether to use an LCD screen. Then they move on to the three presentations. The marketing expert is first to present, and he talks about making a pleasant-looking device, particularly one that favors current trends. They then begin talking about using a fruit, vegetable, or natural object as the shape of the remote, the logo, or for the buttons. Eventually they decide to make the device the shape of a banana. Next, the user interface specialist presents. He annouces that the technology division of their company has developed an integrated programmeable sample speaker unit, which would allow a person to have a conversation with the remote control. They have the option of using that technology. He shows them his plan what the remote control could look like and the features it might have. He suggests putting two scroll wheels- one for changing the channel and another for the volume. He also included a turbo button for speed, which he thinks every design should have. Since they can only charge twenty-five euro they decide to eliminate the LCD screen idea. After that the interface specialist talks about having a base station for the purpose of finding the remote control when lost. The user could simply press a button on the base station and the remote control would start beeping. Lastly, the industrial designer presents, discussing the power source of the remote control. He suggests that they could have one of two kinds of power supplies- the usual batteries or rechargable ones if there is to be a base station and they could place solar cells on top for times when the lighting is good. He talks about using plastic with elasticity so that the remote would not break into pieces if it fell, which relates to their earlier discussion about giving it a spongy design. Plastic is also less costly than other options of wood or titanum. In addition, he talks about giving the control a double curve, curves on both the sides so that it is easy to hold and handle. They do not yet seem set about the idea of making it a banana shape, and one group member feels that the shape is not handy. The industrial desiger tells them they will use a regular chip rather than the advanced one since pricing is a factor. They agree on having base station with the remote. They go on to have discussion, with one member suggesting that they make the banana more stylized so that it looks less like a banana- for example, it could be silver. After that the project manager has them discuss/reiterate the decisions made during the meeting:  no LCD screen, the remote will have a base station, a RF for beeping, a button on the base station to press, possibly a stylish banana-shape for the control, 2 scroll wheels to control the volume and channels at the thumb level, a turbo button perhaps underneath the device, on/off button for the TV. 
"What this button for? Okay. But if you want to go to page seven hundred? How man I don't understand it. Can you repeat it? Yeah. Ah okay okay. Okay. Okay okay. Okay. I see. I see. Okay. Okay. Is it really weight? Is it light or Okay. Okay. Ok Okay. Yeah yeah yeah, I see. I under I understand. How long the how long the bit the batteries long. I l yeah. I like I like it. Maybe the the thing that convince me the less is the the multifunctional buttons. Looks a bit Looks a bit puzzled uh I dunno how to say that. You the the b the buttons change h h their function depending if y it's teletext or not And the volume button will will become And what about people who want to use digits? Butto real buttons? Okay. Because have you thought about configuration and all this kind of uh stuff? It's all automatic. Okay. Okay yeah it's fine. W we are living in a wonderful world. Automatically configure. Yeah. S Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I I const I constructed a a list of criteria based on the on the general user requirements. And each criteria is will be evaluated it's uh logical criteria so we must users must say i if it's true or is or if it's false in a in a scale ranging from zero to seven. Because i I'm sorry. Sorry. Ah yeah. It's from sorry, it's from one to seven. It's from from one to seven sorry. Because it should be an even it should be an even uh scale, and five is too short and nine is too long. I'm a I I'm Sorry? Yeah yeah. The variance is mi it's is minimal. I'm um answering your question. Okay. And that's the criteria I I found more useful. I think I sh I I could write the criteria in the on the whiteboard? And we all four could range could evaluate the Okay let's let's evaluate if it's fancy or Seven but I would say seven. It's quite fancy. Six. Six. I would say Everything ar Mm everything It's compared to the all remote controls. Actually I don't know what are the r the real specification of a of a universal remote contro Ah it's not an univer but it's for all kind of T_V_s? Yeah. Four. Four. So four? It means cool features, like new features actually. I would say five. You said seven? Five. Sorry, I have them Of cour Of course the most difficult question for the end. I find it quite cheap actually. I dunno. If i i it depends, if you live in in Switzerland or you live in I don't know. Wha the initial specifications were for the whole all Europe or Yeah this is the the initial specifications. I would say six. It's quite cheap actually. Actually maybe Yeah I change the question. So yeah upload the Yeah it's two different situations. If you really need an universal remote control or if you would change your remote control for a n for a new one. So? What now? What range? Six. Six? Six? Six, so it's uh five point five, or less. Actually yeah, I we Five? You are romantic, really. I would say two. Who is the outlier? Wh wh you said five? I don't know if it's a No because there are more yeah, we shouldn't sum like that. Because the the last two questions is much more important than the rest actually. Otherwise we wouldn't we will not sell. Uh no I didn't anything. Yeah, the uh Yeah. Do you want me to sum o I think it's not S Actually what's the differen Too expensive. Actually whe whe when you wrote regular chip you should put two, because there is another chip here. Yeah but you need Fo i it does nothing actually? Okay so now we have a product which nobody would would buy. Would yeah, would buy. Yeah because th th the evaluation project Ah would buy, yeah. Massively, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh you have been in Milan a couple of times, so. And you said the lowest. Yeah, for the batteries Mm-hmm. So more general remote control instead of just focusing on uh on T_V_. The complexity shouldn't be much higher. For you said if it good for D_V_D_ then I would Bye.
Okay so we can go to the slides. Yeah. Number three. Oh number two sorry. So final design. Final design. Okay so Michael you can go ahead. You can pull it out first, maybe. Uh And we we do have one more functionality. If you take the banana as such and uh you press the turbo button, so it switch ons the switch ons the T_V_. The turbo button. Additional button. That's right, that's right. So then then both the scroll buttons they are for teletext browsing. And you can tele yeah, once you press the teletext button then the scroll buttons they are more for teletext, they are no more for channel or vol volume. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it always means, whatever the rays goes by they they get reflected and then you are having a better coverage. It's like antennas. And for the power source we are having solar cells and rechargeable batteries and this and uh the basis station is going to have the input from the mm power line for for charging the batteries. It is very light. Yeah. And we have put these different colours so that people don't mistake them mistake it as a banana. Otherwise it's you know a child comes and so Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh we didn't think of that yet. Yeah. Oh yeah that's right. Mm-hmm mm-hmm. It'll It'll be always at top somewhere at there. Yeah because now we are having rechargeable batteries so that that is. Eight to ten eight to ten hours. N most no most of the time it's not being used. So when when you are making it on Mm. Mm-hmm. No eight or eight or ten hours of working. If you are just leaving like that it'll be much longer. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. And we are having the speakers regular chip for control. Pricing is was a factor so that's why we have gone for a regular chip only not the advanced chip. And uh that's it. That's right. You want to have more functional buttons? You are not convinced. Not not many, we we want to keep it simple. So that this button fo is for teletext which is usually also the case, that usually there is a teletext button and once you press that, the channel buttons, they baco become the scrolling buttons. It's up to you, means. Now that Means let's say this this can move the the larger digits and this can move the smaller digits. That's right. Yeah. So there was there was a constraint that the surface area which we have on this banana on one side because of the shape. So we are targeting a segment which is which is just very trendy kind of thing, they they don't care about the buttons any more. And anyway Evalua yeah. Why this strange factor of seven? Usually I have seen that scales are from one to ten. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay fine, got the idea. Okay. Okay, okay, great. Okay. Yeah yeah. Go ahead. Mm-hmm. Sure. Okay. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So you can say fancy, handy. Handy. Yeah, it's fancy, according to me. Seven. Seven by me. Okay. So you can add seven plus six plus seven plus Five. Again I'll give seven. Yep. Seven for me. I'll give five. That's right. That's right. The standards. What is available in the market off the shelf. We Five. So four point two? four. There I'll give it seven. That's right. For a T_V_ the most important feature which I felt was the locator which is a cool feature. And then the scroll buttons are again cool features. We don't have L_C_D_ for it but that we decided we don't want to have. Mm-hmm. Seven. Okay. Definitely seven. Okay. I'll say five. I'll say five. Why? No but it's really handy actually if you see. It's it's so handy. And then Anyb anybody who comes here anybody who comes to your home he'll at least ask once what is this. It's a very positive thing if you see like that. Youngsters. You want to flaunt. You with your girlfriend or something. Or might be it does some other kind of thing but Uh yeah, crazy. I say five. And you have saved it? You'll have to reload. They're not going to be as And they they might not be a as easy as this yeah. Yeah. S I go slightly up. Six. Six, five, four. Okay. I'll still give it five. Yeah. So it's somewhere three point five I think. No I said five. Mm-hmm. Oops. Yeah it's it's funny. Yeah, sure. Mm-hmm. Solar cells, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, we said no to that. I think rechargeable batteries will take care of the power thing. Yeah. To bring the cost Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we have the regular chip on the print, which is one. And that's it. And we have sample speaker. Yeah. Yeah. the cost of that is very high. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And we have sev Yeah. So we we'll put some extras, if there is something. Okay. To reduce the cost, it's okay. Oh it's got all the directions so don't worry. It's got a direction. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's right. We don't have any push buttons. No that is a scroll wheel itself, it'll be put in that. Ah okay, okay. Okay, okay. Yeah. No. There's no chip there. It just emits the signal. And the receiver accepts it and that's it. Just se sends the signal, that's it. Yep. No. Yeah. So first thing which we should take care of is, instead of rubber, let it be plastic. And uh that much money will be required for the base station, which is not there. Yeah. That's right. So might be ninety centimes for the the remaining things which the cord and everything which'll go That's right. Yeah. S Detachable battery. They like that. Mm-hmm. Biased. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The cost of the thing can be made more than might be. Because I think it's just the optimal, what we have done for the cost which we are looking forward to. Interface. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. That's right. Yeah. Integrate. Mm-hmm. So What else? Okay. Home? Happily satisfied. Mm-hmm. Thank you.
Yeah so uh following our decision to uh make a yellow well to make a banana remote okay so we actually have a We've well first first of all we made a an attractive base station uh with a banana leaf uh look and feel um and uh bana sit the banana sits in there k you know nicely weighted so that it's not gonna tip over and um this is the remote itself, it's kind of it's it's ergonomic, it fits in the hand uh rather well. We've got the two uh uh scroll wheels here which you know one on the the left for the uh volume and the one on the right for for the channel and uh underneath we have the uh the turbo button which is in like a nice uh trigger position for you know for pressing quite naturally. This is when you when you uh are scrolling the uh through the channels you can tell it to to skip th past channels that you quickly rather th Yeah. Well when you stop scrolling the wheel it stops. But normally with uh it will just uh s stay on each station briefly so you can see the the picture. The T_V_ yeah. The s the turbo button. So rather than having uh an extra button for um for the on off switch you just use the turbo button. This is a teletext button. So once you press that then you get teletext and you can use the the channel selector scroll wheel as uh To navigate yeah. Yeah. Well then you can you you have like a little uh number selection thing, you press the the the teletext button uh to move between uh the fields and then you can just scroll the number back and forth so you have s you go you scroll to seven and then zero zero and then you can uh Well you can you can press press the teletext button and then you then you can you can f Mm uh And this is the uh the infrared uh port. Also the top of the banana. So. And then we have in the uh in the base station we have the the button at the front for uh for calling the uh the banana. Actually they do. That's that's yeah that's uh that's form and function in the one in the one uh object. Yeah. So. But yeah that's um that's just like that's an attractive um base station. So. Okay. It's it's uh it's about the weight of a banana. You know, to give you the correct look and feel. I think a child would try to eat it anyway, so maybe we should consider that. maybe health and safety aspects. Yeah. I don't really know if the solar cells are actually necessary any more if you have a recharging base station. If I was gonna place them I'd put them on the on the top here since that's like uh the black bit but yeah I don't I really don't think it's necessary to have the solar cells anymore. Mm. The what sorry? What do you mean? Ah. Ah. A long time. No no no, it can it should be weeks. Yeah but y people don't like to put it back in the base station all the time people leave wanna leave it on the couch so Ah, okay. Okay. Yeah. It seems to be falling over. Or can move between positions in the in the number. It's all automatic. Yep. Uh. Yeah uh five. Five, maybe maybe maybe six it's it's I guess it's yeah. I'd give it a six like I'd I think it's probably more handy than my current remote, 'cause of the scroll wheels but maybe loses the point for not having you know the extra buttons when you reall if you do need them for some reason but you know you can always use your other remote. Yeah. Well it depends when you say functional, do you mean it does what we want it to do, or d does what it does, you know, can it make you coffee? You know. Yeah. Yeah. That's before Yeah. I have to say four. Well it's not a universal remote. Remember we're focus we're supposed to focus just on T_V_s. Well all T_V_s but only T_ only T_V_s I guess. Four. Just four. Obviously there are some outliers so Which I'll say five. Yeah. S yeah. 'Cause it's five five seven seven so Uh, okay, definitely easy to use. Seven. Alright, now here's the sixty million Dollar question, well, twenty five twenty five Euro question. What do you what do you guys reckon? Hmm. Uh Yeah. Yeah. I'd say two. I don't want a banana on my living room table, a banana remote. It is handy, it's handy, but it it's terrible. Yeah. Yeah, but it's not a positive thing. Well, you know, it's it's handy, it's ergonomic, but it's a banana. Yeah but it says I, I would buy this, so. No, it's I. I would buy S s Still I I'd say two. I don't think I at any stage in my life I would want a banana remote control, really. I can say, maybe there is a market for it, I dunno. Yeah. Okay, so, it depends if uh If I had t if I had to spend twenty five Euro, if that was like my limit, maybe I would buy it. Because the other twenty five Euro remote controls are probably gonna look worse than a banana. And it yeah this is gonna f you know handy to use. Although it still has it still has the word of course at the beginning so I dunno. Um. I'd give it I'd give it a I give it a four now. Yeah. I'd say three, I mean my remote control is kinda at home is pretty terrible. If it was change my remote control of my D_V_D_ player for a Mando banana then I would be more inclined to but uh 'cause it's really bad but uh I'd say a three. It's not very promising but you know we're not young trendsetters. Is there some some formula you're using that says you have to sum them up? Well just leave it at that then. No. I think it it kind of you just lose information if you sum it, so. Well we decided against the solar cells so You mean, charging it by shaking the banana. Well maybe dynamo is like you have to actually Yeah. Well actually that that no that sample speaker is not we we're not using that, we're just using the the very beep simple beep, that s that sample thing is like the voice recording and everything. So Yeah. I say that Yeah. Mm. Well, wait a second, no, it's it's double curved, it's got a c, it's uh Well d yeah it's monotonic but it's got but if you hold it if you hold it that way that's two curved, one on this side, one on that side, but they're opposite sides. This is actually I mean this probably this probably actually costs more than three if you Yeah. Well no didn't we say we wanted to do a rubber if you drop it? Well when okay. Well we we'll come back we'll come back and see if we can fit it in. Yeah. No, we have two push buttons. Huh. Uh. Okay it's gonna have to be plastic. It's a recharger thing and uh Well I actually did um think about it myself but I thought you know because you could potentially you know you could be pushing it down as you scroll it for a instead of a turbo button but you know the turbo button does add that extra class. You know. So I mean if we're if we're over budget then maybe we could we could rethink that. Yeah. No we're not we don't need anything special for the buttons. Make it plastic instead of rubber. And then we're basically o on budget except for you know ten cents. Yeah. Yeah well pl the base station is made out of m many units of plastic. Does that include charging circuitry and everything? So what do we do with the extra profits? Okay. The next fruit. No we have a product which none of us would buy. No it's people in in in Milan and uh in Paris that are gonna buy it. We're n yeah. We're not in Milan or Paris. Actually there were a lot of That's 'cause I'm sick of Milan. Okay so um project process. Yeah. I dunno I think we had a fair bit of creativity. And uh but I think one thing we m missed out of this whole process was a um like a focus group with the actual people we're targeting. We needed some of these kind of young trendsetters to come in and play with the banana and you know see if they see if they like it. Because yeah the evaluation for us is is kind of pointless. Yeah. Because it it would also be interesting to uh you to know find out if we have a market in really young children as well, to see you know how to how to market this thing. 'Cause you know if well I mean maybe you don't wanna give all your kids their own remote because they'll be changing the channel all the time but you know maybe in some households where there is you know a T_V_ for each kid, then you know, banana remote control could be fun for them as well. Might have to draw a face on it. So but I think that's something we need to to work on next time is really finding out more about the target market. Yeah. I think there are ways we could maybe simplify the Well just the the the circuit board that we're using inside, I'm not sure really how complicated our um our needs are. I mean all we have is two push buttons and two scrollers, do we really need an integrated circuit to you know to process that. And also fo you know for mood lighting and and stuff, that would be rather cool. I think that's actually something that should be in version two, is the ability to you know to control things other than the T_V_ and not just electronic equipment but you know the whole environment of the room. Yep. Okay. Thank you.
Okay. Good afternoon again. So we should have our final meeting about the detail designed of detail design of the product of the remote control. Um So here is the agenda for today. Uh uh just going to go quickly through the minutes of the last last uh meeting then we have a p presentation of prototype of you two, sounds interesting. And we'll have um presentation of evaluation crit criteria by ou our Marketing Experts. Then we'll have to go through finance evaluation of the of the cost of the thing and um hopefully uh we should fit the target o tw of twelve point five uh uh Euro. Okay. So let's go. Uh if I go quickly through the minutes of the last meeting. So we went through th uh w we took this following decisions. No L_C_D_, no speech recognition technology, okay, we went through a b to a banana look and feel for the remote control. We went through the use of wheels and but buttons. And also the use of a basis station for battery ch charging and uh also to um call the to call the mot mote remote control when it is lost. Okay. Um. Good. So guys let this uh wonderful thing. Oh yeah. Sorry. Um. Which is Yeah can you show it to the the camera maybe. Mm-hmm. What's the use uh of the t turbo button already? Ah yeah yeah an then you stop when you stop it stops. Uh-huh. Which one? Okay. To navigate it through th through teletext. with the wheel it's easy. Excellent. Calling. Excellent. And the the leaves plays the roles of of antennas? Oh. Great. So, what else? Yeah, they're light. Ah yeah. So for the power source, apparently you still you you want to use both solar cells and batteries. Uh you mean okay. So Yeah, where are going to where are you are you going to place them? You have enough surface? You Okay. What will be the autonomy? Roughly? The autonomy. Autonomy. Uh I mean how long does i how how how long can it be held off a station? Yeah. A long Yeah, so it's It's used only when you Yeah. F weeks. Right. Next slide? Okay. Okay. Those really sounds very good. Nothing else to add? Yeah. Well in fact b both will be could be useful, navigating through teletext. Yeah. Wow. Very good uh yeah you th yeah. Bananas everywhere. Okay, so So we have to go through now evaluations. So your slides are ready? Uh you're four I think. So this is one, which one is this one? Num number So to have in order to have enough granularity it's in order to have enough granularity in the evaluation. Okay. Okay. Yeah, six. S seven. Six. No, wait. What do you say seven? Five? Okay, six point five. Handy? Seven. So seven, seven, six, six point five. Functional. Four. Uh for a remote control, does he have all the you could expect. Yeah. So it's universal but for T_V_s. So s uh four? Five? Four. Four. Okay cool? Cool device. Yeah. Seven. Six. Plus six, I say I said seven. So it's six. Yeah. Seven. Seven. And you? Outl you are not lik outlier. Seven Okay okay okay okay. Of course I'll buy the banana. Well Twenty five Euros. Cheap. Yeah, so the target price is for all Europe, or only for rich countries? It's more targeting U_K_ or So this is selling costs, not production costs. Yeah yeah sure. Um Five. Aw, should be nice in your It's kitsch. Well, don't forget well, don't for don't forget who we're targeting also who are f f who are wh yeah, youngst youngst No well yeah I if you would be young. Not telling that you are young. Li li like a teenager for instance. Okay you're you're crazy teenager and you like fun things. Yeah. Yeah, you want to show the beautiful banana you have. Okay so you s you give oh yeah yeah I know I know. So you say two. F I d I say five. You say? So what's the new question? Uh yeah, I think so. Yeah that's two different question. Ugly. I stick to five. W we have six, five Three So we are six, five, four Yeah. So So and last question, will I change my rem change my remote control from Mando banana. Um, zero. No uh we can't. So one. Well if. No uh let's say I'll put two. It's for the T_V_. Two three five two three fi and two. So it's r Yeah, three point five. No no you say five, he is the outlier. Okay just just do a sum. Well maybe we should we should uh have a look globally glob Yeah. So maybe maybe w we can we should stick to general feeling. We can had uh have a out of these numbers, which which is that well we should go for it. Problem with connectors? Okay. So let's move uh let's move on. Okay, now now we have to mm to estimate uh the cost okay. So I prepare an Excel sh uh an Excel sheet. Um well we are going to calculate the production costs. We should we should be below twelve point five. So I already uh put some pu some numbers here, okay. We are going to go through so this is the number the mm number of components we need for this thing. So it appears that there were things that we didn't thought about. Uh and also things that I uh I d I forget to uh to put like solar cells. Oh yeah finally we say no. Okay so let's let's go let's go let go through all the lines. So hand dynamo. This something we didn't thought about. But Yeah. Yeah. Okay so we we stick to battery, one. No kinetic also. I don't I don't see the difference between kinetic and dynamo. Ah you have to ah okay I see so kinetic is really uh shaking the banana. Crazy. Okay. So those banana is falling. Let's go ahead. So we we st only have one for battery. Uh then for electronics um so I didn't put anything for the. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. No so we hin Yeah so one. Ooh ye ye ye the cost is increasing. So we are The beep. That's what Okay so I'll remove it. S So don't we need a Oh there is no listing for r radio frequency thing. So Yeah maybe. We'll see later. Okay so in for the case um I put single curved. Because we have two things. No. Well. What a what i if I put one here. Yeah so let's put one here in the then instead of single oka all right. So we stick to plastic, it cost nothing. No, it's too no. It's too expensive. We're already at eleven. Okay so I put rubber one. Okay so special colour, yellow. Uh for the interface we have We have three. No no. We have two scroll, and we have three push buttons. And No it's no chip. This is just radio frequency. Th This is no chip. It's just Yeah. No. Just only. Okay w we didn't think a thought about uh integrated scroll wheel push buttons. Yeah, so Yeah. Okay. So no L_C_D_, so for we have no button supplements, right? Uh well in fact could we could not we consider this button as a button supplement because oh no, these are these are for colours, co and special forms, special colours and special materials. So Okay so we are over budget. Yeah. Yeah. So mayb in fact n we have to put two here because it cost nothing. Exactly exactly so we have margin for that stuff. Yeah maybe. Okay good. Wha Excellent. Um we'll invest in R_ and D_. Yeah. So well we're under the the the cost. So we can go to through to project evaluation. Sorry? Which is different. Which is different. None of us will buy it. This is a battery. This is what we which you can mm It did yeah. Extra battery, yeah. Exac Well in fact I I did not know I didn't know really what to say here. If uh if you have any ideas of what we can we can say. So I don't I don't I don't understand what what they mean by satisfaction um and for and for example. Should it be more like um like a status of of the these meetings in fact. Yeah well in fact uh we we use a little bit the white board and the digital pen, not that much. Oh yeah it's really creative. Yeah. Yeah maybe we should go through, yeah an uh evaluation. So maybe you should we should do a kinda evaluation in the streets like asking to young peoples well, do you like to have a banana as a remote control. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Any any new ideas we could uh we could investigate next time? Dunno, oranges? Hmm. Okay. Very good. So Well done. I think we we can go home. Yeah. Maybe maybe we can hassle the the production department to to make a a real prototype that we can use at home to to evaluate. Okay so thanks very much. Bye.
";The project manager goes through the minutes of the last meeting. They have the prototype presentation and talk about the final design, features, and power source, type of chip and weight of the remote. They go through the evaulations, using the a list of criteria made by the marketing expert. They rate each criteria on a scale of 0 (true) to 7 (false): how fancy it is, how handy it is, how functional, how cool it is, whether they would spend twenty five euro for it, and whether they would change their current remote for this one. Next they do a cost estimate for production. In doing this, they decide against solar cells and go with the rechargable batteries. They keep the regular chip, stick with plastic, put two scroll wheels and three push buttons, and make it a special shade of yellow. They eliminate the turbo button and give the remote a single curve because of budget restrictions. They briefly evaulate the project process and close the meeting. 
"'Kay, hello everybody. Uh, I guess you all know what is it about, you all received the email, I guess. Uh, we are actually doing this meeting to start a new project which is about designing a remote control. So I'm going to be the project manager of this uh project. And uh so I'm present myself. I'm Fabien Cardinaux and uh I I guess you can present yourself. So I dunno, you can starts. Okay. And you are? In the project? So, uh, so today we are doing a short meeting to present the project, so um We are gooding we are going to present the tool we are we are going to use during all this project. We are talking about the project plan, and we are going to to discuss about st our first ideas and so on, and, yeah. So we have around twenty five minutes to do this meeting. Um. So what is the goal of this project? Is to design a new remote control. So it should be, of course, new and original, and um it should be trendy, and user friendly. That mean it's a very challenging project, and uh uh. So w it's we will try to do our best, and hopefully come with something very new and that people want to buy. So, um So what's uh what are we going to do during this all this project? So it's more like we are going to do inv individual work all in o in o our specialities and we are going to meet each other quite often to discuss and to find a good way. Um. Yeah and everything is will be like this. Um so now we are going to to get used t to to the tools we are going to use all during all this project. So we can try to use uh the whiteboard here. So uh. For example we can try to write what is our our favourite animal and write the f our favourite characteristics about it. Mm. Uh. So uh So I will ask you all to do the same. Just to get used to the whiteboard. Yeah, yeah, you can draw the picture, of course. Oh. Never mind. Yeah., no worry. You can draw it, if you want. Good. So good um So, let's talk about money. Uh we are going to to sell we want to sell uh this remote control for twenty five Euro Euro. And uh our expected profit will be around fifty million Euro. And uh we are trying to to have a market all around the world. So n not only for Switzerland, but for the world. Uh. So, um. The We expect a production cost of maximum uh twelve point fifty Euro. Yeah, of course. Um, so we can start today to have a first idea of what we want to do what are our experiments with remote control, and any idea? So, if you have some experience, good or bad, with remote controls you can share it and say what you f what is your idea. Anything. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Are you not afraid that if you take your remote control you can move the slide and it could the the volume can go up very quickly and it can Yeah, also if y when you take the the remote control, for example on the table, you take it and you push the button and everything is very loud, and you have a heart attack. Okay. Yeah so you can Do you have something? Yeah, that's true. Yeah without obstacles and. Okay. Let's continue. I have a meeting in five minutes, so maybe we should hurry. Um. So we will close uh this meeting. So we will have a next meeting in uh thirty minutes. Um. Uh. The So I will ask you to do some work. Uh the the interface interface developer will work on the on the design of the remote control, start to to have new idea and read about Yeah. Oh. Industry and Oh. Yeah. So, um For the User Interface Designer, which is Hamed um, uh, you are going to work on the technical functions of the remote control. And for the Marketing uh Manager, I dunno, okay, which is Bob, uh you are going to try to to find the user requirements f uh for the remote control. Um, you will receive by email uh the specific instructions and uh by your personal coach. Yep finished. So I see you in thirty minutes. Thank you.
My name is Hamed Getabdar, and uh I'm going to be Interface Designer in this project. I dunno if I should go with this. If it is enough line. I'm sorry. Okay. They should be remote. Okay, thanks. No. Okay. Should I clean? Okay, I think like horses uh because they are strong and beautiful, so if I want to write it here, I think I can. Oh. Okay. I dunno if I can. Okay. It may be like a cow or I dunno, whatever. I'm not good very good in drawing. Okay, so this is very It's a bird, I think. I dunno what is it. Four. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. I'm shameful Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh I Yeah, just a simple experience. I uh I prefer um remote control working with radio waves, because remote control working with infra-red rays you should you should you should keep it in a specific direction and then try it hard to tune. Mm. Yeah. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, thanks. Bye.
Uh my name's Bob Mor. Oh, sorry. 'Kay. So my name's Bob Morris. I'm the Marketing Expert for this project. Bob yeah. Yeah go ahead. Okay, okay. So I think my favourite animal would be a c a cat. That's its head. Um I probably like cats the most because they're cuddly and furry and uh playful. Okay. Thanks. Maybe put it up Put it a Maybe put it on the desk or something. Uh, that's better. Your lapel microphone's fallen off. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe we should just continue. Yeah, don't worry about it. No. Oh that's good, it's good. Yeah, and strong. Well, from experience, um I've had remote controls in the past that have had very they've had lots and lots of buttons and they've been very small, and it's been very hard to to to use, because there's so many buttons, and you know it's very hard to see which buttons do what, and the buttons are very small and very hard to press. Um and and normally you only every use, you know, on a T_V_ remote you only ever use, mostly, you know, f four or f six buttons. Um. So it's frustrated me in the past, th that. Ah, okay. Okay. Okay, n Is that because the of the discrete volume levels, or is that Yeah. Yeah. Okay. He's the Industrial Designer? No, you're the Industrial Designer. Yeah, I think that's the first. I_D_. Industrial Designer. And the second one is the User Interface Designer. And then last one's marketing, which is me. Great, okay. Thanks guys. Bye.
Now what. Okay, so my name is Petre. You can call me Petre, or Peter if you like. I don't care. Uh, in the project I'm supposed to be the technic. Bob, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So probably I would try to try to draw the animal. Well sh should I draw the picture of the animal? I I th I think I should. Okay, so. Um. Okay, American, um. Um. I would use the bird. So I tried to sketch it out. I had to first uh write it down because I am not absolutely sure if I can draw it, but ah. Can you recognise it as a bird? Okay it's your turn to Oh it's okay. Yeah. I should get used to the tool, so. Oh just wait a little bit. C could we put it here, to make it as straight as possible? Ah probably not. Okay, it it works like this. Are you left-handed? Oh, pity. Ah, it's maybe better if you leave it. You won't draw them, or? Just try. I would like to see how it looks like. No, I think it's clear. It's okay. It's in it's indeed beautiful. Okay. Bob. Have to remember it. Bob. Per unit, I guess. Y oh okay. Okay. Oh. Okay, I have also some points uh. Maybe two points. Uh first would be that in current remote controls there is no back light, so if you are if you are uh playing with this in the dark room it's it's probably worth to to have something like uh back light. And maybe it could be also dependant on the the amount of of light in the room, so that if if it's in the day it doesn't need to be back lighted because it works on the battery, so. So something like this. And the second thing, f second point from me would be that in a normal remote control there is uh there are two buttons for volume control. But I prefer like a potential-meter or something like. You know, some slider or Not just two discrete buttons for volume, but something which Yeah, but I can reach In uh one second I can mute it down, or or make a high volume. Ah, n. If it drops to the floor then it starts to scream. Yeah, f It depends what what you feel about that. Yeah but we can we can think of these things afterwards, but if you have some more notes on that. Okay. Um. Okay, just a second. Which i which is Hamed,? Okay. Uh I am the Technical Designer, I dunno which one, uh v. User Interf Okay. Okay, so I'm the first one. I see. Sign. Okay. Uh.
";The project manager opened the meeting and had the team members introduce themselves by name and their role in the project. The project manager introduced the upcoming project to the team and then had the team members participate in a tool training exercise in which each member drew his favorite animal on the white board and discussed what he liked about the animal. The project manager also discussed selling prices and the project budget. The team then discussed their experiences with remotes, focusing on various features they would like to see in the remote they will produce, as well as features they find unappealing in current remotes. 
"Okay, can I have the laptop over here, or? Okay. Have to get up. Excuse me. Okay. Okay. Okay, so basically I'm gonna present some findings of a study we conducted uh into uh what users want in this remote control. Um so first of all we what we did is we um conducted a an experiment with a hundred test subjects. Um we put them in a in our um usability laboratory and got them to, you know, um play with remote controls, and also to complete, after they'd done that, to complete a questionnaire uh to tell us what they like and what they don't like in remote controls. So basically um the major things we found out was that um basically users don't like the look and feel of of most remote controls that are currently on the market. Um they, you know, seventy five percent of the people we we uh did the experiments on, found that rem remote the remote controls that they'd used in the past were ugly. Completely ugly. Um they they didn't match the operating behaviour of the user, that is, you know, the the way users use remote controls when they're watching T_V_. Um, that the layout of the remote controls didn't match they way that they used it. Um and thirdly they say that w half of the users that we um tested said that they only used ten percent of the buttons that uh are on remote controls. Um so we collect we also some collected some usage statistics uh based on how these test subjects were using their remote control. And from this we basically came up with the figure that the channel buttons, the channel selection buttons are the most by far the most used buttons on the remote control. Um and you can see they're used a hundred and sixty eight times per hour on average, um, while the user's watching T_V_. Um the closest button that was used, well the cl the button that was used that was closest to the channel button was the teletext button, um which was used fourteen times per hour, followed by the volume button, which was four times per hour, um, all the other, all the other um buttons, such as ch um audio and picture selection um configuration buttons and things were used, you know, l approx well less than or equal to one times per hour. Um we also asked users um which buttons had the most importance to them, you know, which which buttons they felt were the most important buttons on on the remote control. And basically they came they said the channel, volume, and power buttons had the highest relevance to users, um note that only power was very infrequently used, it only had a b a a fr usage frequency of about one times per hour, but users ranked it as having a very very high relevance. Um and the audio and picture settings had a very that well the users thought that um w the audio and picture settings were very uh weren't very important to them um, and they used them very infrequently a as well. So we asked users what what um frustrates them the most about um current remote controls. And fifty percent of the users said that uh what frustrates them is losing the remote control um somewhere in the room and not being able to find it. Um they also said that it um it takes a lot of time to learn a new remote control, especially when there's many buttons and it's a, you know, a c a a unintuitive interface. Um and then thirdly, they some users commented on the fact that the the you know the way that you have to hold and press buttons on a remote control ar are bad and um cause u repetitive strain injury. We also asked some users about some specific features that they'd like to see in the on the remote control. In particular, do they want an L_C_D_ d display, and secondly, do they think speech recognition uh is a useful feature to have on a remote control. Um basically our findings are that um amongst a younger age groups uh the answer is umv overwhelmingly yes. They want these features, they want these high technology features. Um for instance, ninety one percent of pe of people aged between fifteen and twenty five said yes, they want these features. Whereas um the the trend was as users as users um became older and older uh they were less likely to want these sort of features in a um in a remote control. So I guess it depends on where we're focusing our our market. Um and as our company motto is putting fashion in electronics, um I think we're focusing on the younger younger um target demographic, and so maybe we should think about adding these sort of high technology features into our remote control. That's my dic that's my presentation. Thank you. Yeah, it's true, but, you know, they're features that users want, so it's And our production cost of twelve fifty Euros per per unit is fairly high I think, so I think we can afford to to add these sort of features into our remote. It is true. That's the wrong one, I think. Okay. I have a question. Do you think radio waves um will interfere with other appliances in the home? Okay. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Are we um are we planning to take an off the shelf an O_E_M_ component for the radio wave circuit, or are we planning to construct our own circuit board? Okay s So we just buy a circuit board and Okay. Okay. Okay. What how much more expensive? Are we talking three times more expensive? Or ten times more expensive? Or Okay. Yeah yeah. That's still a lot. I think it's it's probably not worth spending the extra money, because I mean all the other remote controls on the market have infra-red, so people don't expect anything other than infra-red. So it's not worth spending the extra money. Yeah. Yeah. But I think, based on my usability studies I th I feel that users are prioritise the look and the feel and the trendiness above, you know, the difference between infra-red or radio waves. So I think we're better off spending money in the usability phase. Okay. Mm. Well, should we start with just the core, the basic functions that we need. And then we can move on to the more advanced features. Okay, well, I mean the obvious one is changing channels. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I Ah yeah. To have some feedback. Yeah. We could maybe also c um incorporate Petre's idea of the um slider for the volume, with the channel. So we c you could quickly just through many channels. For the channels, perhaps. So we've got channel and volume. Um. I think so. I think basically the core functions we want, and then more advanced ones. Yeah. I don't Oh, I don't but I don't think we're we're the ones. I mean this remote control we're developing is a generic control for all T_V_s, I think. Okay. But then you don't want to make the L_C_D_ display too complicated at the same time. I mean there's always we can always have these l less often used functions hidden somewhere, under a cover or at the back of under a slide or some Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So we have five minutes left. Um. So I think s the settings we th we are agreeing are agreed that they're required. It's just how to a Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh, okay, what else? I mean a power button's obviously uh required. Uh, well I think when they say power button they mean to turn the T_V_ on and off. But if you're watching T_V_ for two hours, you don't want your T_V_ to turn off after five five minute I mean based on our usability studies again, um pe um people said that the power button was v a very relevant button. Um, you know, it was nine out of ten re relevance. Okay. B Okay. I think we need to concentrate on the, you know, the major usage of the th of the control, which is you sit down, you turn on your T_V_, you change channels, you change the volume, you turn the T_V_ off. Um and all the other f functionality is not used very often. Yeah. I think a button. I think it should be a bu Its own button on the front. Okay. S What about things like the clock and um timers? Uh um, you know, some func some features on the control to display a time, or t to display Probably not. It's a questi yeah, it's a trade-off. 'Kay. Okay simple. Very, yeah okay, very occasionally. But I do use the I do use the display of the time quite often, but Yeah. Yeah that's okay, that's true. Okay, so no time button. Okay. Okay, cool. Okay Thank you.
Okay. B you think uh I I'm User Interface Manager. Okay. Okay. If I could go there with this cable. Sh okay. Where's delete button? Okay. Oh I'm sorry. Okay. Oh. Presentation three? Oh. Okay, so here is my presentation about technical function design. I will talk about different components and s of system and how they react together. Okay, uh, first what is a remote control? Simply it's a device, as you know, for uh, for sending some commands by some waves to uh another device to to tell different commands uh with this device. And the main idea we don't use any cable and we can rec react simpler with the device. Uh i it has different blocks, different blocks. Uh first is remote control have sh ha should have some electric circuits uh making interface with uh keyboard and uh r reading uh keyboard and reading the keyboard uh commands. And then inter then make uh these keyboard commands, uh in interpret these int uh keyboard commands. And then there should be uh an electronic circuit making uh electronic signals according to these commands and uh finally there is a transmitter which is a cord or a a diode making uh making uh waves to transmit through the air and uh uh this air this uh wave uh will be received by the by the other device like a television or whatever, to uh r to realise the command. Okay, uh about what I found about uh different uh these different blocks are uh, usually there are two different methods uh to for designing a remote control. They are based on infra-red uh waves or uh uh radio waves. There are two different uh uh solutions I mean. This is uh this can be uh uh the the differences the th between different kind of waves, infra-red or radio waves. And uh also as uh I understood, and uh I think it was a part of uh Bob, uh uh presentation, people prefer to have uh to have uh the remote control with less button. So for the electronic part, working and interfacing, with button, we should we should try to t try to design a remote control having uh some some simpler buttons or some rolling buttons to just to just to search between different options, and showing o something on T_V_ and putting less lesser stuff on the uh on the remote control. And uh personal preferences, uh uh uh uh certainly a remote control with uh working with radio waves is uh preferred because uh you can pr you can take it in any direction and you don't need to tune it any way. And uh uh again, using bigger buttons and less number of buttons are also preferred, as I see. Okay. That was my presentation. Uh-huh. Uh, I don't think so, because uh we can make uh we ca we can make this wave in a specific frequency. So they can be in a range which is not inter interfering with the with other devices inside the home. Uh no but as I know, there is a range for uh for this uh f for for uh for this stuff, for designing this circuit. We can we can we can tune our uh transmitter to work in this range, and for this range we don't need to ask any permission. Uh for this I'm not uh I I don't know the solution, but one solution can be something like putting uh p password or something inside the wave, so the only your T_V_ can understand it Yeah, identification code inside the The password may simply uh or uh i identification code may simply solve this problem. A specific uh remote control has a specific f Mm. Mm-hmm. Five. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah yeah, at least nine, ten button. Or Or something. Mm-hmm. Okay. Like categorising channels. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. So uh we don't have any uh we don't have uh we should just design the remote control and we sh we don't have any access to the to the T_V_ design or we can change some design. Because one solution for this um uh uh ch changing channels is to see a summary of all channels, some some preview of all channels and then you can Yeah. Yeah b Not on the control, on the screen, on the T_V_ screen. And then Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Settings. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, they can yeah they can be hide somewhere by a cover or something like this. Like covering cu. Yeah, like mobile phone covering. A button is better. Yeah. Mm. Clock or Yes. Mm. Mm. Yes. Mm. And uh do we need to include anything about the speech recognition and the speech commands, or? I I thin I think it will not take lots of place, we just need a microphone and the software, so, and it sh and it will be a little bit new and interesting, so people may be attracted to buy this stuff and it's not very difficult to uh put a software inside the the electronic device and put a microphone. It doesn't take that much place and also that much It doesn't cost that much. Mm-hmm. Thanks.
Yeah, that's it. Well, okay, yeah. Yeah, but the user user interface is responsible. Okay, so. You're scaring me with L_C_D_ man. And speech recognition in remote unit, it will be very e expensive. Yeah. Yeah. At least we have couple of months t to work on it so so it will be cheaper finally. Because you cancelled it. Yeah. Yep. You still want me the presentation. Yeah, it should be okay. Yeah f uh I know about this, since it's my it's exactly my field, so. It's uh kind of handshaking, uh, when starting to uh when you start to communicate with the your T_V_ then then it's like an handshaking protocol with your your remote. So so if two two devices are trying to go to communicate with the T_V_ set then the the the one which has the more energy in the wave is chosen. Well it can be a problem sometimes, but most of the time it works okay. Yeah but we we don't have to think uh about this because I think as a function designer that we will use the already made uh circuits which we probably bu buy. It's worth to buy. And they have these problems solved so. So we don't have to think about these. Yes. I have only a couple of things because I had I struggled a bit with the software that I'm supposed to use in this uh uh in this company. I was used to use Linux before, so. But I tried to tried to break through this too, I guess. Mm. Ah. Okay. How to make it big? Slide show. Okay, thanks. Okay. Oh so I will speak about working design. That's the first slide. Uh what uh I have to do? A look at what the other company Okay so uh presently I am looking what is possible to use, what circuits to use and stuff like that because uh I didn't work uh with these uh circuits so far so I have to look what what is a v a v available on the market for for the communication for the I_R_ circuits and so on, so I'm currently looking what is available on the web. And uh I wanted to ask you m maybe afterwards, after after our discussion, if we have some contacts in some companies, so, which can report on what is going on there, so, I would be glad if you can tell me about them. So, you know. Uh, okay findings, that's the point that I'm working on currently but uh so far I I was uh looking what what are the blue circuit, I mean radio wave radio frequency circuits are available now, but the prices I read are high. So, I know that uh the user interface people and these speak about radio frequency waves because you can you can uh you can make the T_V_ do what you want even if you are in the bathroom or so on, but you know, when you are not close to the T_V_ you probably won't need to to change the program and so on and so I am I am voting for s to stick to the um infra-red control instead of R_W_ but we will discuss it later maybe. Uh. Components to use, I'm not exactly sure what I will use for the design of the circuit. It depends uh on whether we will use the L_C_D_ and mainly the speech recognition, because the speech rec Yeah? No no no no no. This we this we buy I think, because it's rather cheap nowadays and it's not worth to construct ourselves. Exactly. But I'm not sure about the circuit which is responsible for speech recognition. This I prefer that we should make ourselves. But it depends whether we take a decision to use it. Same thing. It's fairly expensive to use these circuits. So, speech recognition well, L_C_D_ it's okay because it's common nowadays to use L_C_D_, so I agree on using any kind of L_C_D_, less buttons good for me as a as a designer of the circuit. But the speech recognition we have to compare whether the price and the what does it offer, you know. Yeah, I'm Oh. I was not thinking too much about the price. But if we use the L_C_D_ uh even the radio frequency communication with the T_V_ set and the backlight and uh related things like the photo diodes and stuff, it should be okay. If we decide to use the speech recognition, then we probably could struggle but we'll see afterwards. It depends of you if if the M_E_ or U_I_D_, I'm sorry about the names, I don't really know, uh want to have it like in metal or in plastic, these things, it it depends on you not Because the the the electronic device's price is not not so big in comparison to to the overall shape and stuff like that, so. We will discuss it afterwards. Oh, this is nothing. This is just my notes on what to use. And uh my personal preference is yes, I would like also preferably to use R_W_ circuit, but from the point of view uh of the design and price, I would stick to I_R_s. That's my opinion. Uh I mean if infra-red uh circuit not not the radio frequency. Because because the the range where you can use it is fair. It's okay I think. And the price is fairly cheap for this. Well, depends. Jus just the price. Otherwise I don't care what I put there because it's the chip which I buy or which we buy. So I I I think it's o y o. Well, three to three to five. N not ten times, but it depends what what we Yeah. Th they are used to use it when they can see the T_V_ so, I don't know. You the user interface, and management man, uh Uh okay, that's it for me. 'Kay. I agree. Okay, so the available things are L_C_D_, the buttons and everything. Uh radio frequency depends. And, well the recognition it depends on you guys. You should probably speak. Okay. Uh just one note to the chan channel changing. Do we will we use only two buttons, or or like numbered buttons? I mean those nine plus one or two? Because it's many buttons and we were speaking about lowering the number. Okay so so we keep all these all these buttons. Like ten plus, five plus, one plus, one minus or something. Or using the names and the keyboard I dunno. You mean like hierarchical structure. Okay, so s Oh sorry. So it requires the use of L_C_D_ probably, to to tell you Okay, so I'll make a note on L_C_D_. Yeah. Like roller for the Yeah. Okay. So we are still s speaking about the common devices or we are inviting the new one? On the screen, you mean? Not on the control, but on the screen. Well, this would avoid L_C_D_, then. Oh. W I I think it it would be better to to stick to the remote control and not to bother the T_V_ to to to print these things. Well it wi it will be still more expensive, but for the L_C_D_ and this stuff is no problem in the price. Two T_V_s. Like ma We we could have for example two buttons like simple mode and advanced mode. Or I dunno. Or like children and grandfather's mode, and the, well the the user not the user, the man mana T_V_ manager mode. Ah, I dunno. Uh. Yeah. Hide them, okay. Um. Yes. This I was thinking. Do we need a power button at all? Should should shouldn't we do it like sleep mode after five minutes of not using it? Because generally Yes. Well I I uh You don't need to every five minutes to keep it alive. Uh probably. Okay, so we should keep this button. Okay, so we we could p what we could probably do is to keep also to keep uh keep the L_C_D_ and all the buttons and stuff, we could make it like a opening opening style that if you open it you are you just turn on the T_V_ and if you close it, it will turn off the T_V_. If if you like this, Because, well it's maybe question for you t Yeah. I mean like the Yeah but since we have the L_C_D_, we didn't need too much button too many buttons. Um, okay, just um the decision of the power button. Should we make it a button, or some some something which would be Uh power button. If it if it's a button or Okay. Okay, one nice big button. Old fashioned button, to satisfy the grandmothers. Hmm. Mm. Do we still have the time? I I just wonder. Okay. Oh. Well what w what was the question? Yeah but since we want to control all the televisions, and and it would probably be worth to to set the timing on the remote, no? Because if if the T_V_ turns on itself, it well you know, if the time The timer should be there. Ah, yeah. Did you did you ever use the like the timing of turning on the T_V_, well And based on your Yeah but it can be on the display in in a corner all the time on the remote. Yes yes. Yeah but we we should be careful about the battery life, then. If we use the speech recognition. Yeah.
So um nice to see you again. Uh. So, uh. Tod uh for this meeting I will take the notes and do the minutes. Uh so we will see our three presentations. Um we will start with the uh Manager Expert wi who will talk about uh user re requirements, whats user needs and what it desire for this devi device. Yep. Oh, I don't think so. I think you have to come here. I dunno. I think it should stay. Should stay in the square here. Oh, maybe. Oh, you can put it here. Oh that's okay, it's jus Hmm. Thank you. So, um maybe now we can talk about a user interface and uh about the technical function of this device. So uh Pet Peter, can you talk say something about that? No. Ah. Sorry, I'm Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, it's still Bob Morris. Yeah you should have put yes. Click on yes. yeah. So can we use any any frequency? We have the right to use any frequency? Okay. And what happen with uh radio waves when two neighbours have the same have our remote control, for example? And so do they have the same frequency, or? Okay. A kind of identification, okay. So Yeah. So Okay. Hmm. Okay. So, maybe you can talk about the function, and Open. Slide show. It should work, so you can. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. So what do you think would be the price, it would be out of range? Or it would be maybe feasible? Okay. Mm. Why? Because it's simpler? Yeah. Mm. Okay. It's a a price matter. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I, oh On the other side, we want to have something new. You know, where we want to to have something new and So we I think we should still thinking about it. But maybe. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, thank you Peter. So um I have to inform you I receive an email from the management bon board today and they have new requirements for the for the remote control. Um first um, they say that's uh about something about t teletext. Uh apparently it becomes from according to them it becomes out of date. Out-dated. And uh Because of the internet popularity and everybody has internet at home, and actually it's not useful to have teletext. Um. So I think we can avoid the teletext. Um the second thing is uh they suggest that that we should uh use the remote control only for T_V_, not for D_V_D_ and other devices, because it make it it makes it's too complex and uh because we have not much time for this project we should stay on T_V_ on the only specific T_V_ remote control. The third the third one is uh about the the the image of the company. So um uh we should we should keep uh The the product should be recognisable. Uh, uh It's That mean we should use the colour of our company and maybe put somewhere the s the slogan of the company, which is uh, we put fashion of in electronics. So, when people see the the remote control, they should say oh it's from Real Reaction and he s they should recognise the company. So, um So now we we should take the decision what we are going to what function we will have on this uh on this remote control. So, mm, are we going to use L_C_D_, speech recognition? Uh. Yeah. Maybe, maybe. Yeah but first maybe what is what are the usual function of a standard remote control? I mean what do Yeah. Yeah. I think we should stick on very useful functions, because we want less button. So, yeah. So, turning channel, of course. Volume setting. Yeah. I think it would be a b Yeah. On the other side we have more and more channels, and if you want to pass through all the channels to get the channel you want, it's Maybe maybe we could think of something more betweens, like uh Yeah. Maybe something like that. Uh. Maybe Oh I don't know. Oh. Maybe we could have key buttons, like uh discovery channe like documentary channel, and movies channel and And inside this this thing you can move, maybe switch. If you want to see a movie you click on the movie button so you have all the movie channels and after you've you plus plus plus. I It just an idea. I don't know what you think about that but. Yeah, probably, yeah, yeah. Okay. Anything else? Yeah. Yeah. What about the settings of the T_V_? Because it's button we don't use very often, but it's we need it anyway. So Yeah, yeah. I don't know if it's possible to to watch something on T_V_ Yeah. Yeah. So, what are we doing with the settings? Because settings if we want to do settings we need buttons for that and we want less buttons, so. Maybe with the L_C_D_ we can do something with less buttons, but Mm. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, the. Yeah. Yeah. We should hide them somewhere. In the menus of the L_C_D_ or in the back of the remote control, or something like that. It's it's a kind of setting, I think. It should fit in those settings functions. Because it's not a very current useful function. No, I think it's after after five minutes or something a timer I I think, no? Oh okay, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So s yeah. Yeah. On the back, or For what? Ah oh yeah, yeah. Yeah a button, yeah I guess so. So, any other suggestions or functions? Yeah, we have still one or two minutes to talk, yeah. Usually it's already on T_V_ or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we if we add the time, we have to have maybe a bigger display or something like that, and is it very useful? I mean, are users wants to have the time on the on the remote? This is the question. Is it useful? W In my opinion we should have only useful thing and Because apparently they want The simpler it's is better. No time on. I think Yeah. So maybe we think we can think more about that, and discuss that maybe last time next time. And uh yeah, now the meeting room is busy. Somebody booked the meeting room just for at one P_M_, and so we should leave. Uh. So, um. So now we are going for for a small lunch. It's uh funded by the company. And uh after we have uh thirteen minutes to to do indevel individual works. And uh I will do the minutes. And uh you are going to work on your individual works. And uh you will receive as usual your specific instruction and so on. Thank you everybody.
";The project manager opened the meeting and then the marketing expert discussed user requirements. The marketing expert also found that younger users want an LCD display and a remote capable of speech recognition. The interface specialist discussed the interior workings of a remote and stated a preference for using radio waves over infra-red technology. The industrial designer discussed particular components that a remote could include. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and initiated a discussion in which the team discussed and decided on various features to include in the remote they will produce. 
"Hello, uh this meeting we are it's fo should be focused on the conceptual design of the remote control. Um the goal of this meeting is to reach a decision at the end on the concept and I think the last time we talked about an a lot and we had a rough idea of what is going to be, but uh in th at the end of this meeting we have to to reach a decision. So, uh we will have again three presentation, from all of you, and uh I hope it will be fast because I would like to have time to for long discussion and and decisions. So, who wants to start? Okay. So start, uh Uh. This one? Turn. Hmm. Okay. Like a sponge. Yeah. Yeah, uh yeah. Easy to use, is it uh a as much as important than technology or fancy thing. It's less important, right? Yeah yeah. Okay. So, Hamed, can you. Mm-hmm. Um. Number? Three. This one? So it's not this one. Okay. Yeah. This one, yeah. Oh,. Oops. Can you fit any uh for example a T_F_T_ or any electronic device in a spongy thing, or is there any problem for that? For example, put electronic card on a spongy thing, I can I can imagine it could be a problem. Yep. Okay. So Okay. Maybe put electronic in a box and a spongy thing around. maybe after. Yeah. No, I don't think it's seven by seven, I think it's seven the diagonal is seven. Usually when they say seven inch I think it's the diagonal. Yeah. I dunno I dun I dun One each. But, yeah,. Let's go. So let's cut the T_F_T_. Mm. These technical engineers, huh. What user wants. He wants a small remote control, or? Uh uh with big buttons. It's difficult. A sm So maybe you can finish your presentation, and afterwards we will discuss about all this. That's it. Okay. So. No. Uh, so I think we have a lot We have to take decision today, so I think we have to do some work to finalise our idea and take decisions. Uh first I think energy it's a key problem because uh it depend what can we have as feature if we use only batteries, for example, or something like that. Because can we have L_C_D_ and speech recognition with battery, and it's also r related to the size of the of the devi of the device? Okay. So Okay. Uh like but using how many batteries, for example? Are are what Maybe what is the size of the battery Okay. Uh one two Okay. The television lights. At least when there is T_V_ you can get light from the T_V_. I dunno. Okay. Mm. At least it's new and maybe technology New technology. Yeah. Um. So I think before talking about the other thing, it's important thing it's the case. Uh what what are gonna be the size, because its weight drives the other what we are going to use as features and so on. For example for the for the L_C_D_, if we choose to have a small device, we cannot use this um a such a a a screen. Oh. I've I s I think the easiest thing would be to to have a smaller L_C_D_, if it's possible. Okay. So we are agree with a small L_C_D_. Yeah. Tactile or something, yeah. Touch screen, yeah. Yeah. The problem is we have a limit in a month of time, so we cannot do something very new. So let's go for a small L_C_D_. Yeah okay. So, five by s ten. Um so what about, so the case we talked about. Um something easy to use, you said something easy to use but how does that fit in a fashion way, like with fruit and vegetable, and about the colour and logo of the of the company and so on, now, can we do that? My first idea is because our colour is more yellow, and the it should be easy to take in a hand, I thought about banana, or something like that, which is fruits, and A big banana. Um. Yeah. Yeah. But it's just an idea. I dunno what you think about, but Yeah. I dunno if it can fit with the technology. You are the specialists of that. So Yeah, and The screen has to be square? Or it can be like a a shape, quite, uh with curves. It could. Yeah. Okay okay. Yeah. Yeah, it should remember banana, but it's not doesn't have to b to be uh uh really the size and exactly the shape of a banana. So we are agree with the banana thing? Okay. So, the last point we decided it's infra-red, I guess. Everybody's agreed. Uh, so that's it I think about the concepts. You have other thing to add to this point, or uh no? So, uh about the user interface, so we are going to use L_C_D_. In the last meeting we talked about uh hidden buttons. I don't know what we are going to do with that. You talked about the buttons on the side Mm what? Yeah. Okay. And you mean the first layer would be spongy. So Is it is it possible to do that? It would be a great idea, but is it possible technically? Like doing a spongy layer of the banana, and you open it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but do you see that as a rigid thing, or like like a banana, something very soft, you can open like banana, or. Yeah. So, I dunno what you think, Bob, but it would be great for users I think, and very good for marketing. Yeah. Yeah. Um. And setting buttons hidden in. Mm, other remarks, or something, or. Something we didn't talk about yes yet, or. I think we are almost there. Uh maybe, how can we, if we have a soft thing, like this, and to open it we have to attach it somewhere, I dunno how to do that technically, or. And how Yeah, maybe. Ma magnetic oh. Okay. Okay. And what would be the matter here of the first layer I mean? Mm. Likes. Soft plastic, or Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hmm. And something we forgot, maybe, uh about the speech recognition system, are we going to use it, or not? It i Yeah, it seems feasible, and it would be something very great. So we have the de design, the a good shape, new and so on, and we have also the technology thing w will be. And even the easy to use thing, so it will be perfect. So we add also the speech recognition device. So, that great. We have decided everything. And think we are on a good way. So, um uh the next meeting will start in thirty minutes. Um, so uh the the Industrial Manager uh will uh will work on the look and feel design. The User Interface uh uh Mana uh Manager will work on the user interface device. And the the Marketing Expert will do the first project evaluation. So, I hope you can do that in thirty minutes. And uh, yeah, I uh I think you should work together, s you uh Hamed and Peter, to work uh in a in a first prototype, and uh more about the shape and so on and how you can manage to put everything together. And um as usual you will receive some specific instructions on. So thank you all everybody, and see you in thirty minutes.
Hello. Okay. Okay, I'll start. Can you open my presentation, please. I'm number four. Trend. Yep. Can you pass the mouse, please. Oh okay, that's fine. Okay. Um so basically I just want to presented to you present to you some recent results we've had from um looking at uh um some remote control market research and some fashion trends around the world. Um the fashion trends we got from talking to our our contacts in the fashion industry based in Paris and Milan. Um so f from our market research basically we've come to the conclusion that a fancy look and feel, um as opposed to a functional look and feel, is our number one priority. Um fancy is is is is the, you know, highest priority. Secondly um that our remote control needs to be techn technologically innovative. Um so this is t number two priority but it's two times less important as the fancy criteria. Um and third thirdly the easiness of use is is the um is is important as well, but again two times less important as the technologically innovativeness of the remote control. From our f fashion people in Paris and Milan, um we've discovered that this year um fruit the fruit and vegetable motif will be the most important thing in in clothes, shoes and furniture. So, I'm pretty confident that our remote control fits into the furniture category. And also um the feel of material this year um is expected to be spongy. Um so hopefully our remote control reflects that s in some way. Uh sort of um squishy. Um. Yeah soft, like a uh like a sponge. I don't know. Yeah. Um so in conclusion, we need a our remote control needs to be something that's really fancy, um has lots of technolog tech technology in it. Um somehow would be good to have it related to fruit and vegetables with a spongy feel. And that it's easy to use and from our last meeting our you know Fabian told us that w you know one of the requirements is that we have to reflect the look and feel of our of th the Real Reaction company. Um. That's it. Less important. So um fanciness first and then two ti you know, half as important as that is technology technology, and half important as technology is easy to use. So. Inch. So So Ca Can I ask a question. This seven inch T_F_T_ screen, how big is it in reality? So like that. That's quite big. Uh uh have we decided that we're gonna use this T_F_T_ screen? But I mean even even that is like this big. Yeah. You can cut the T_F_T_ screen. Okay, so Okay. So, what's the size of the device? Even from my perspective seven t seven centimetres by seven centimetres is still Is it Can you hold that, or? Yeah, a small c control that they can hold in hand. But is something that's seven centimetres square e easy to hold? Okay. So if we use s solar cells, um where is the sun if someone's watching T_V_ inside? Okay. Okay. It's it's quite innovative, yes. And if you watch T_V_ outside it's very useful. Which is the same area. Could you re could you redesign your board? Oh, five five centimetres by ten centimetres. Yeah. Mm, touch screen. So Well it's it's definitely the obvious choice, with the colour of our company. I mean what other what other fruit and vegetables Do you know of any any other fruit and vegetables that are yellow? Well I'd like a shaped screen. I think that's more important than saving a bit of money on on the T_F_T_ screen. Yeah, banana's good. Okay. I think if we if we have a spongy layer on the outside of the banana then it's easy to make that, you know, to manipulate that to hav be a cover that you can pull off and I think for sure. Definitely. The softer the better. Yeah. We could use Velcro. Or uh ma maybe a magnetic thing. Yeah, I imagine some sort of vinyl thing. In a in a sort of a with a suede sort of feel. Maybe. Mm. So you're saying is it possible to have a solar cell and this removable cover and And a and a banana. Yeah. Okay. I think it's important. I think One of our p priorities is tech technology. And Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Hello. I s No, no, you you can start. Yeah. The second one. Could you please show the presentation number three. Yeah. Three. Yes. Just Could you please check if it is the first one or the second. Uh, n n no, it's the first one. The second one. Uh yeah. Okay. Okay. So I am going to talk about a little bit about how this remote control should be appear to be more easy to use. I think uh I think the feature easy to use is more important than being fancy, but okay, we can discuss about it uh later. Um generally, generally uh this remote control uh uh should be should be something, in my opinion, uh the first feature is just to be easy to use. So, the more frequent buttons should be larger, they should be placed in a good position uh uh inside the remote control. And uh s uh I can conclude like this, that we shouldn't need to learn how to use it. It should be we shouldn't need to es open a a t book and uh start reading and uh learning how to use this uh this uh remote control. Okay. So what I found out that uh as I said uh I think it's better to put uh more frequent uh uh uh ke uh buttons which are used more in the middle of the remote control, and they should be bigger in size. Uh the shape of remote control should be in a way which can which should be taken easily in hand. It should not be completely like uh a cube. It should be it should have round edge, so uh then it's easier. And maybe uh just like some toys, some joystick which is easier to take inside the hand. And uh also f uh uh m because because customers doesn't like to buy lots of battery, it should not uh consume lots of energy. Okay. And my personal p uh preference is uh, as I said, uh just putting this buttons in a special places and covered some buttons which are not used uh that much like settings button, like mobile phone. Usually some mobile phone cover the dialling number part, so we can cover these buttons which are not used or uh number buttons for the for the for the can channels, and just put uh volume change or s ch can uh channel change buttons uh uh in the remote control. And if the user needed to do some more complex task uh he he can open the cover and then change settings or something like this. Uh. And also uh I think if we put some some some some some buttons inside of the remote control it can be used easier. Not on remote control. I dunno if I can explain well. But uh just inside. For example, a sliding or rolling uh uh d uh stuff, if we put it inside then we can easily manipulate with uh thumb. So it can be another uh preference. And uh I dunno but uh I think usage of a speech recogn uh r recogniser can be good. I know that it consumes lots of energy, but if we do it in some way that it asleeps when there is no sound and when it detects some sound it may consume less energy. And I think it's good because it's something new and usually young people like something new. So it may not be very useful but because it's new, people may buy it. Uh I personally think there should be a big difference between uh between something. Otherwise they prefer to buy something which is coming from a famous company, or. Okay. That's mine. Mm-hmm. Well maybe it can have two shells, a hard shell inside and a spongy shell outside. Yeah yes. Mm. Uh. Yes. Maybe this. So but Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Mm. I think I think their being uh large or small is not important. The only important thing is to be able to take it in uh inside hand easily. So let's say an average size, okay, and it should not be very heavy also. And I prefer to is it shouldn't have a uniform shape, so in the middle it should be a little bit thinner, maybe maybe. So we c it's like like some joysticks. You can take uh some some joystick you can take inside hand easier because it's it's designed for your f uh taking into account your finger shape and your palm shape. So the general shape should be like this. I think uh seven centimetre by seven centimetre is a little bit large. So uh seven not seven but let's say five by ten it's I think it's that's my opinion. It's easier. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Or uh or I don't know but I don't want to now invent something new, because we didn't discuss about it. So using some L_C_D_s we can touch, so we can remove uh keys and just uh having uh, I dunno the name, L_C_D_ responding to fingers. Touching the screen. Something like Mm like tactile. So But for now if we don't want to use such kind of screens I I think we using a a smaller screen is better, because A smaller s Okay. I think this is not good. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah, I think infra-red. Yeah, peeling of the banana. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, some Something like a plastic cover covering uh some interface, U_S_B_ interface as in the in uh digital camera. If you see it's like peeling. You open a plastic cover and you see some U_S_B_ interfaces, some some interfaces for adaptor. So keys can be uh buttons can be covered like this, with a plastic cover and uh when uh and when you open this cover it's like peeling a banana. So, something like this. Yeah, yeah, yeah it's a lic like a plastic cover, so. Mm-hmm. Yes, yeah it's a good idea. Magnetic. Mm. Yeah or a Yeah it can is it can be a plastic cover uh sticking to the to the all the stuff like uh with magnetic p uh magnetic uh magnetic uh materials in the border, so it's it sticks like refrigerator door, completely. And when you try to open it, it will be opened easily. So you you can be sure that it will not be open while you're uh while while uh you are commonly using uh buttons on the banana. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yes, I think. I think so. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Thank you.
Mm-hmm. Hmm. What does it mean, spongy? Like soft, or something? Okay. I will see. Okay. I think the biggest struggle will be the easy to use feature. We'll see. Exactly. Uh okay, so good news from me uh uh for me from Hamed, but bad news from Bob obviously, because spongy design, I don't like it as Okay, so could you please, Fabien, open it. I'm person two. And which one, uh probably the first one. I'm not sure but check the first one. I Most of the things I have to write myself on the board, but Yeah, that's it. Just It's only this slide? Yeah. This this is just uh one thing I wanted to mention and show you that I just uh I just found this, that our company uh developed a s a seven f seven fingers or I'll just Yeah, seven seven inch T_ T_F_T_ screen, which is good news for us, since we wanted to include a display there. Uh so I I probably draw it down raw scheme. This is this is the stuff that I can use to Okay, so the this will be like the overall scheme or overall requirements from the engineering point of view. Uh first thing is uh this will be the overall shape, no uh I'm not speaking about the real shape of the device, but the shape of the inside of the device. So there will be some circuit uh for the power. So, say power circuit here. Uh the main energy will be taken from batteries that we can uh uh And if we decide to use the speech recognition stuff there, we must use additional source of energy, which I found the best is to use the solar cells which can which can uh supply everything. I was computing all the all the things related to the speech recognition, and it's okay to use just uh two batteries and solar cells, so. So no problem. There can be also solar cell. Uh the main board with all the circuits will take at least seven to seven centimetres, so this is my like hard requirement for the guys from the design. So at least seven to seven. It depends where you put your screen, because the screen is uh seven inch, so it depends on you where where you put it. It doesn't matter. Um it's just one cord from from the main board to the screen which can be elsewhere. So this will be T_F_T_. And on the main board we have the um interface to the microphone, which is somewhere, say here. Interface to the microphone. Then the graphical card uh for the T_F_T_ and the third unit is the I_R_. The good news is that we can uh we decided to use the infra-red unit because our company has also developed the chip for communication by the infra-red, including all the stuff inside, so it will be very cheap for us. So infra-red here. So the once again the overall requirements, seven to seven centimetres for the board, which has to be which can be spongy but has to be this size, and the T_F_T_ which is seven inches. Um I have to check what I wanted to Uh from my point of view I don't care about the about the material used for the overall des uh ov all the device. A all these things in in uh in this box are okay to put in in any shape, basically. But we have to take care of the T_F_T_. Well, sponginess. Maybe it a good feature, since it takes if it's around the T_F_T_ then it's good, because it's just keeps it safe, I dunno. Well, it's maybe related to the U_I_. A Yeah, that's all from me. Yeah? Well, seven to seven inches. Yes. Yeah but To be honest, I was Yeah, honestly speaking I was thinking that it was seven centimetres initially, but it's seven inches. But I I think we can we can cut it. Yeah, no no problem, because because because then the size of the graphic card will be one fourth. So Yeah, but no problem to to me to cut the screen. So so for the same price we have four screens now. Ah well this is like this is almost nothing. Seven to seven to at least well some three millimetres or something. Yeah, but we wanted the big buttons and stuff like that, you know. Because if it's t too small we can we can lose it, at home, you know. I thought that it it should fit in the hand or something. W I I think so. I if the roller buttons are on the side you don't have to catch it like that, but just like this, and you know follow follow Well, that's that's no task for me, but well seven to seven at least yeah, but Oh, okay. Okay thanks. Not J uh just a point to the energy th things. If we use the batteries, and the additional so solar cell, then it's okay for L_ uh speech recognition and L_C_D_, so no problem in energy, I think. But we have to use the solar cell. Otherwise not. Yeah I was thinking just common A_A_ cells. So like three to five centimetres, I dunno exactly, but. S Uh d doesn't need to be sun. It it's just the daylight, you know. Yeah well I I suppose that I suppose that uh that this remote control won't be in the in the room like this, where there is light only when when there are people, but. Yeah from the T_ I don't think it's enough, uh. Ah it's a it's a compromise, no? Yeah, that's why I wanted to to include the speech recognition, because you wanted all the new things. Uh the s the screen is okay, but the board, uh that's the problem. Well what what would you guess as a shape? Or what what would be the shape? Mm. Okay. Okay. Five to ten. Well that Yeah, right. Yeah, I think it's feasib Well one um um How could we do it? We could put the board next to, well, under the L_C_D_ and for example make the L_C_D_ be totally unrelated to the thing that you hold in your hand. Like holding something, and the L_C_D_ to be just on top of it, you know somehow. Well But maybe let's stick to the s spongy thing, like one unit. Well fi five to ten it would be feasible. Okay, so five to ten, I I think it's it's feasible. I'll make it. Fo Five by ten. Mm-hmm. Okay, so Yeah, so so just just give me the the the five by ten numbers that you find the best and send it me and I will work it out. Hmm. Seven to ten banana. Okay. Rather mango or something or. You mean banana. Well, but If it's If it If the banana is big enough. Then, yes. But if you want to look at the screen, no. Well Well, it can be whatever you want. But if it's square then we get four screens out of one by cutting just. But if you want some shape then we can only get like two screens out of seven to seven inches, so. It's like more more expensive to have shape like that. But I don't care. You know, if we fit this requirement. Okay Yeah, m maybe the banana could be like a bit uh fatter than than the c c common one. But Like modified banana, okay. Well it we'll stick to banana, or? Okay. Mm-mm. Yeah, yeah. Sure. Like like peeling of the banana you s It would be cool, yeah. Peeling of the banana, you know, should should discover the other buttons, which are hidden. First layer obviously spo Yeah, w It's it's like silly, but the people will really appreciate it, yeah I think. Well is it possible to make it soft? So I think if it's so then it's cool? Cool. Honestly speaking, I cannot imagine it, so far, but it will be terrible. Mm. Pof. Well since since the since the things like the like the screen and um how to say that, solar cell has to be has to be like kept kept in the shape, we cannot b uh So we need that the that the peeling uh I dunno but we should we should take care of these two two things. So, if if uh the solar cell won't be visible while the banana is closed, then the material must be able to put the light inside, you know. So that we can reach the energy out of it out of that. It is possible, but, well if it I dunno. I dunno how to how to do it if if t if to if it's better to put the solar cell to the t to the peeling or outside it, or or inside. But then it must be some window there, you know. Yeah. I agree. Okay. Okay.
";The project manager stated that the goal for the current meeting was to decide upon a concept for the remote the team is creating. The marketing expert discussed his findings from trend watching reports. He found that current trends are such that a product must have a fancy look and feel, be technologically innovative, be easy to use, incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif, and must be spongy. The user interface designer discussed how to create an interface for a remote that is easy to use. The user interface designer discussed the placement of commonly used buttons, the overall shape of a remote, and how to hide less commonly used buttons. The industrial designer discussed various components and energy sources the remote could include. The industrial designer focused on the use of a TFT screen and the use of solar cells to supplement the energy from two regular batteries. The team then discussed and made decisions regarding the option to use solar cells, the specifications of an LCD screen, how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable motif into their design, and how to hide lesser used buttons. 
"Oops. Yeah, for favourite animals. It's gonna be not my favourite one but the one I can draw. And it's gonna be you'll try to guess. No. Yes, that's a rabbit. That's my favourite one. That's it. Hmm. Wow. No. Wow. That's cobra. No, it just small cobra, yeah. It's co c quite recognisable. Christa Christa. Hmm. Okay. Just tr try to guess who is a User Interface Designer. According to the drawings. Okay. On the international market. Wow. Mm. To eat? Children proof. Hmm. Okay, unbreakable. Uh-huh. Colourful? That's not practical. No. But how gonna okay, just uh but it's uh monochrome it's n it's not like Otherwise you will never find it. Cool. Ch Yeah, but without any extremes like n not of this size, not too large. Okay. Yeah, like a palm sized. Just to hold it. No, no screens, it's too complex. And n maybe not too expensive, well it's not my problem, but well okay. But no screens on remote controls. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Adaptable. Alright, good, so how many actions do we need to implement in it? On off? I mean if it's less than three uh then we can make it uh like a like three mental states, yeah you know what I mean, we can just make it uh controlled by a brain, huh? Mm-hmm. Sh sure, sure. But for standard actions you usually what do you do, you change channels, you adjust volume, and nothing else. Mm-hmm. You do this? I usually just change channels. Uh-huh. Go back button is good. I once had it. Mm-hmm. History. Market Expert. Okay. Thank you everybody.
No. Rabbit. You wa Is the white okay. I guess you can. Yeah uh not really. Small cobra. Chris. Mm. Smile fish. Yeah. Yeah, you're Hmm. Yeah, we're to sell two million then. Mm yeah. Yeah, pret Yeah. Ah. Yeah, we have some child lock or something, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's always black or yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah even we can change colours, no? Like the uh like the phones and these things we c yeah. At least for children like one colour and. And it should be really small and. Huh not so big like yeah. Yeah, not too much buttons and Uh. Yeah. Yeah. Colour, size, sh Yeah, maybe at least n not bigger than this I guess. Yeah yeah, at least it should hold in your hand n properly, like. Yeah. Uh maybe we can change the colours that at least the frame. Mm. S so then it depends you are to Mm I mean you c you can easily remove the frame. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Too expensive, yeah. Ye yeah. Hmm. I mean it it's like it's like two types no? people are right handed or left handed so y because I am left handed I use like this, say if you're right handed you use like this or so tha your switch on and off should be on yeah. Mm huh. Maybe I think even we can keep two switches and then we can uh only make one working. We can adapt only one switch, suppose here like we can make two switches and if I'm left-hander I use this switch to follow the main operations. Two. Yeah. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But they keep generally their t slash slash uh this thing and then the dash dash and then you can put yeah, you can only have one bit. Dash. Yeah you can yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah, the previous button is. Uh, okay. Oh uh. Uh. Yeah. Yeah yeah, what the which channels the viewer Marketing yeah. Thank you.
Wow. Wow. Complex. Huh? A cat. No. Darn. Uh. A what? A r a rabbit, oh oh yeah, where is the carrot? Okay mm-hmm. I am not very good at uh this kind of stuff. My favourite animal is Guess. A human, yay. It's a very complex animal and um yeah. Characteristics of this this animal is dangerous. Ah, a kind of uh snake? Cobra? Exactly. Uh-huh. What about you uh Christa? A fish. A smiling fish. Mm-hmm. So, w whiteboard is working? Good. Next. Yeah, well. Not me. So. Twenty five Euro for a remote control. Okay. 'tis big number. Mm-hmm. Uh yes, we have plenty at home. In fact, my daughter likes l remote controls. To eat? Yeah, mainly, and to break. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Ye ye yeah. So she likes uh buttons which make click, so it has to click. It has to be uh wha baby proof yeah but mainly it has to be very robust because even if she's not very tall she's uh high enough so that uh when she throw it away it's uh So it has to be very robust. Unbreakable, yeah. Mm-hmm. And uh it has to be nice looking, colourful, maybe colourful, because uh nobody has colourful remote control, they're always black, yeah, but this one could be I dunno, purple or b Yeah, yeah. One colour. Yeah, yeah. Oh like the phones, yeah, it could change colours, yeah. Yeah. Good. Should it be, y you know these uh remote controls where um they are what they call a universal ret remote control so y you can decide that now it's the remote control for the television, then it's the remote control for the the sound system, or for your refrigerator whatever I dunno if it's Or if we should have a targeted re remote control. So colour, robustness, easy to use, size, yeah, size matters, yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm. But uh what would be different from this, from the others? I dunno if Yeah, at least the colour would be different. I think one thing important for instance in this remote control if you remember when people use it they're they never find a good button in the right place. For some reason they they they click the off button when they want to use the So there's a problem in the design of that kind of remote control somehow, I dunno. Too expensive for twelve Euro? Ah. Mm-hmm. I thought it could be only a screen which would change depending on uh uh the use or even the user. So ma I prefer to have the off button at the top right, so I would have my own design of the remote control because it's in fact just a a full touch screen remote control, if you if you like. I don't know if it makes sense, but Yeah, for instance, mm. Mm. Maybe, if if it's possible, yeah. Yeah. Three buttons you mean? Ah. Mm-hmm, yeah, sure. Yeah, more than three actions that you may want to do at a given time. Yeah but for instance when you change channels you can have you can just go to the next one or go to channel twenty five. And that's already more complex to go to channel twenty five. Uh no. Because I'm only using three or four channels but And then back to the one I was before, so there's whichever it was. Yeah. Uh uh we had that in in other countries. Yeah e even the history so you could like uh undo previous of the previous. Then you can watch what your ah you could also record your record your sequence of actions, that becomes more complex, but you could look at what uh the other people have used there or remote controls. Yeah maybe it's a Okay. So what does M_E_ means? M_E_ the user requirements? Or that's uh that's for us? Uh that's me. Oh, of course yeah, the user requirement specifications, uh-huh, yeah. Okay. I'll think of that. So? Meeting's over? Great. Thank you.
So, hello everyone. We're here to have a kick-off meeting for the design of a f for the beginning of new project um uh remote control for the design for a new remote control. I'm the Project Manager Christa Pavlov and okay let's begin. So I'm first going to do an opening then we get used to one anothers and we speak about this tool we're going to design and try to make a project plan, some discussion and then we talk of uh the next meeting. So um we want to to do a new remote control. It has to be original, trendy and user friendly. Um I think the important points we have to t talk about are uh it's functional design, it's conceptual design, and desail detailed design. and for that we're going um all to work individually and then have meeting during the whole day. Um, so let's try the whiteboard. Um so any of you who want to go. Wow. A rabbit. A rabbit. You want to go? A human ah. Mm I think you're supposed to, yeah. Hmm. Is that a worm? Or Uh yeah Christa Pavlov Mm. Smiling fish. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Next. Let's talk about money. So. Yeah, mm that's the price we want to that's the aim for the price for the remote control. We aim to do this profit. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm for a production cost of mm twelve fifty Euros maximum. 'Kay. So any of you have experience in remote controls? That So that could be a great um application. Remote controls children proof. Mm mm-hmm. Okay. So they have to be waterproof maybe? 'Cause they eat she ate it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Colourful, yeah mm. No, that's a good idea. Mm mm-mm. Yeah. No, because you think, why not. Mm-hmm. Good idea. Small also? Don't you think No uh, not too much buttons or mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's Okay. So, I think there's So you you think it's better if small than bigger. No, not too small, yeah. Hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So, some kind of idea uh with um um cellular phone with a a screen that will tell you what no. Okay. And too expensive. Mm. Mm-mm. Mm-hmm. Mm mm mm. So adaptable yeah something yeah. Three option. Um. Mm-hmm. Maybe if it's more, if there is a software inside that ask you three Hmm. If it if we want a r universal remote control that we sa like we say before it may may need more than three mm three button, three mm possibilities, ye yeah. Mm. Yeah. I change channel like this, m uh I want to go to twenty five, and then to ten, uh-huh mm yeah. Also we can be here yeah, that would be cool. Mm yeah. Mm-mm. Okay. So I think we have full of idea. Um we're going to meet again in thirty minutes and uh I want you to mm work on these ideas and try to make a uh the ones, make um to decide what what are the ones important and what are the one that we don't want. And um m maybe more in the technical parts what uh do we want to do. Um. So um your personal coach will send you some instruction for for this thirty minutes. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm okay. So. I think that's all. Yeah. See you in thirty minutes.
";"The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the upcoming project to the team members. The team members then participated in an exercise in which each team member drew his favorite animal and discussed why he liked the particular animal. After the drawing exercise, the project manager discussed selling prices and production costs for the remote the team will design. The project manager also indicated that the remote will be sold internationally and that two million remotes are expected to be sold. The team then discussed their experiences using remotes in the past and what features to consider implementing in the remote they will produce. The team members discussed child proof capabilities, color options, how to adapt a remote for left-handed users, a ""go back"" function, the size of a remote, buttons, and LCD screens. The project manager closed the meeting and gave the team members their assignments and then one of the team members briefly went over his role on the team. "
"So I hope you're ready for this uh functional design meeting. Um so I will take the minutes you mm you three are going to do presentation. Um uh we want to know to at the end to know the new project's requirement so we need uh to know the the user uh needs that we want to fulfil to fulfil the from the technical part we want to know how it going to work and um third part uh I don't remember which is not very good. Ah of course, how to to design this uh this yeah. So um let's go for the three presentations, so first um Marketing Expert. So wait a minute. Mm. Sounds uh Mm uh. Hmm. Okay. F_ five. Mm-hmm. Mm. Why not? Okay uh tha that's look great. Mm-hmm. Okay. Or something we don't know. Mm-hmm. Okay. I have been told that we uh don't consider teletext, that it's out of date now because of internet. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm Mm-mm. Okay. Mm I think it's good, okay. You done a good review. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm mm mm. Okay. That's good point. Okay. So um now I think it's the turn of the the I'm not sure um Of the technical function, so uh what effect Okay. Wait a second. Argh. So you're Okay. Let's go. Oh sorry. Okay. Oh sorry. It's off. It's on. Or you want to go to the kitchen. Mm. Um I see that you target uh several s application not only T_V_ but i like we talk about um universal uh remote control. Yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. S Mm. Since we were targeting a really soon uh uh date for the the the um i issuing of this uh remote control I think we will only concentrate on T_V_ for the moment and then maybe m make it more generalised yeah. Yeah it's it's the same solution, I think. Hmm. Yeah uh on zap it's only next next next next next, yeah. Mm-hmm. Maybe we can make uh different modes for each button and you can change mode zapping mode or uh current chan Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh you're finish? Okay. So now the technical aspects of this new device. Mm. You prefer it. Mm-hmm. Okay. To make it quite uh an universal uh device uh. Mm. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And from from the discussion we had do you can you make it on the whiteboard, or mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. On Uh train it, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm. And what about the price of this component? It mm okay. Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. With a keywords and yeah. Mm-hmm mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. No, in no not only speech, yeah. I it's an option. Okay. Sho to to train, okay. Mm. And well, what about the idea of automatic on off on the button, yeah. Wouldn't that make uh arguments? I want uh And we can increase this the strength y you can buy one with Mm-hmm. Okay. You have mm something else to say? Uh. No. Okay, thanks. So mm mm I think, okay, we're just on time. Um mm mm. So, we're now going to l have the lunch break. Then we will work again for thirty minutes individual work, and um we will uh meet again for the next meeting, and uh in this one want to to be more focused on the individual actions the um on the components so uh you will focus on the component concept um uh of course the U_I_D_ Mark will be uh focused on the user interface concept and uh our m Market Expert Sammy Benjo uh on the trend watching. So um of course like before specific instruction will be sent to you by your personal personal coach. Well I think that's all. And we have um maybe we have to we say, only for T_V_, not teletext? Uh I think automatic on off control uh it's not possible. Yeah, maybe in the next uh step if we make it work um. Yeah, implemented. O okay, we can think about that. And um do you see something else? Uh yeah that's Or maybe you want to phone him. Since now all yeah? Think Uh-huh. And uh And it's answered. Clap clap clap it's a good I I think it's universal. What about people without hand? Yeah. Mm uh okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, so let's to think s so that yeah. I think that could be in the component uh concept uh. It yes. Okay. So, yeah, let's go to lunch.
Sammy Benjo. I know this name uh. We met before. F_ F_ five. Agree. R_S_I_ mm-hmm. No, I don't think so. Okay. But twenty six percent, do you know Twenty five. Every fourth, you know. Every four some of us knows. One of us Mm-hmm. Functions. Mm-hmm. I got one question, uh you are a Market Expert so should we aim at the young people or not? Okay, then teletext is used less. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. That's me. That's but this but number three, yes. Mm-hmm. So, my name is Mark Dwight, and um I am responsible for User Interface Design. However, uh mm Project Manager asked me to give you some presentation about technical functions design. Uh, as I'm a more an artist that's gonna be less technical functions but more User Interface and current intentions and everything which is linked with this. So next slide please. And uh a general method which is seems to be very useful for our task is not to forget about uh Occam razor. We should never complicate things too much. We should only make a remote control, nothing more. Nothing more than this, just a remote control. 'Cause current remote controls they are never easy enough to use. So, make a click, please. So here is this remote control. It's quite a standard one, but it's not from a T_V_, it's from a much easier device like air conditioning or something. But you know, we can use it for a T_V_ easily. Only buttons we need is on off, volume, channels and maybe some options or something else, and please make a click, compared to this one which one would you prefer? I guess this. Sure, sure. Yeah, and our method is going to be, provide simple simple desires into simple actions. Findings. Our question of the style, we should remember that our company puts fashion into electronics and we should never forget about it. Concept. Be simple. Be simple and you'll lean on this market. Market is a of remote controls you know it better, it's very well, it's it's not an easy field to to play, you know? So be simple. For personal preferences I think that to make a baby-proof remote control it got to be a titanium. It's a really good style, it going to be look like like this. It is unbreakable and it is very universal. W we'll have a screen with a back light which can change colours, and we can put all the options into this screen. We'll need only few buttons. All the other things can be controlled through the screen. And all these buttons should be easy to find and to click, 'cause when you watch a movie and you want to change something, you always try to find a good button and click it, but you should do it by touching it and finding it easily just by touch. So Press I would propose this concept for design, just few buttons, a screen with a back light which can change colours, titanium I think, and uh what else? I got just very few and good ideas. We need power and volume. And let us include two nice features into this device, first, power on and off can be made fully automatic. When you go to the sofa, take your control and point it to the T_V_, the T_V_ turns on. When you don't touch the control but you go out of the For for enough time like uh you It's a question to our technical design, our two engineers. And another nice feature that I would like to implement is uh volume control. Suppose you set u you set up some volume and then you move out or you move to the other corner of the room and take your control with you. Like, you want to to change the chair or you want to move to the armchair from the sofa or something, and then the volume changes. It's easy to do, you just control the According to the distance. Yeah yeah yeah. So I think it can be just a menu which can be controlled with a left, right, up, down and enter. So, its main purpose in fact is a back light, which change colours, which makes it easier to find, and each can it can respond for your voice, like it can turn on the light for you just to f find it easily, yeah? So basically that's it. Can be easily done, 'cause you got simple designs, y we should put it to simple actions. Let it be universal, so you want to use it for your hi-fi system. You want to change tracks and you want to adjust volume. Just few actions, a few actions for everything. All the rest, we sh we'll put it into this menu on the screen. Okay, okay. Okay, but it's quite universal you know. We can just extend it to any device. Uh twenty five. Mm-hmm. In fact I would propose another solution. Basically you use just four or five channels, right? Yeah. So uh set up your T_V_ set like channels that you use they're one, two, three and five, and you will never have to go to a twenty fives channel. Mm-hmm. Mm. We got these buttons here. Next next. Or say this can be back. Could we carry out some research if we w really need this, like how many people really need to go to channel number twenty five and then to sixty four? Okay. Okay. Alright? Thanks for your attention. Too complex. Okay. Okay. Um. Okay. No you know it's a conceptual question, 'cause now I see th this the picture in front of my eyes like a user taking his remote control and shouting into it, volume up, volume up, and and he's coming you know, he's really annoyed with this, down, up, down. Okay, for this budget like twelve Euros. Mm-hmm. Okay.. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Did you consider the r gest uh gesture recognition? Like, if I want to put volume up I like do mm I take my remote control do like something like roll 'em up or roll 'em down. Mm why? That's just We got a really good Market Expert. Let's send more, let's sell more. Okay. Uh, should it be equipped with the uh, with uh speakers? Like, you want to find it, you shout control, and it answers is I'm here? Or Just beeps? I can't whistle. No, no, I can't. Mm. Okay. Just don't interfere with other devices like 'cause like all these people do that their lights are turning on with clapping. Yeah, I got it at my home, like. Oops.
So Of course. Nice stuff Who starts? Oh. Ha. okay. So I dunno if I can do that like this? Yeah? So it's being modified. Do you want yeah, open. Read only. I hope I saved it. So, um yeah, this is my name. So as you know, you I think you already know me, Sammy Benjo. I am the expert in marketing and I want to tell you about what people uh s want and uh like and dislike in remote controls, and I hope this is going to help you to to design it correctly. So next please. Uh-oh. Hmm. Yeah maybe in the full page because i I spent lots of time doing this presentation, so. Uh-huh hmm okay. So basically uh what I suggest is that uh instead of deciding ourself what what could be and what should be a good uh remote control, let's ask people who are users of remote controls how they feel about w the current remote controls, what they like, what they don't like and um and what they do with them by the way because they are supposed to be useful. Don't forget about that. So we've we've conducted a a survey on on the use of uh remote controls and I'd like to show you some of the results we found on this survey. And next please. Yeah, so basically what we found was that uh there are several things that the user don't like in remote controls. First of all, they find it very ugly. Current remote controls as you know they're the same as this one uh they're not nice colour, not nice shape, I mean they're all the same, and they're not l good looking. Um what is interesting is that in fact it seems that they were people are ready to pay for nice and look and fancy looking uh remote control, so I think we should probably spend lots of time in and effort in that um. And the other thing is that uh the the current remote controls are not so easy to use and it it the the current uh facilities that they offer do not match what people really want to use their remote controls. For instance uh we see that uh they zap very often so I think this is a very uh important uh functionality that it should be easy for them to to zap uh in one way or another. And most of the buttons uh on uh current remote controls are not used, so I think we should design something where some of the buttons which are those that are used should be easier to see and use than others that only a couple of people are using. Um next please. Now people are very frustrated w with their remote controls and they for instance uh they don't even find it it's it's often lost somewhere in the in the in your home and nobody knows where it is. Maybe if we have something where we could ask the remote control please, where are you? Like uh something to to like t I think phones. Some of the phones have some of this kind of s functionality. Uh of course phone you can always phone your phone but you can't phone your your remote control. But why not? Yeah. And because of the fact that there are so many buttons in these remote controls that nobody use, in fact they don't even know how to use them, so most of the the people say they they don't know how to they to use properly their r remote controls. And uh they are bad for R_S_I_ but uh I don't remember what is R_S_I_. So I think they are bad. Mm-hmm. Mm nobody has any idea about that? Well I'll check uh with my Oh, okay, I think it's a technical thing which our Okay. So, it seems that it's a lot of people for a concept that we don't know but we have to take this into account. So anyway that's for what the biggest frustration uh of the user and um what else do I have? Next slide? Ah yeah. So we've listed a couple of uh s uh functions that may be uh used by u the user in the current uh available uh remote controls and uh well the tables look very nice to read but what is important is to understand that the power button is not used often because in general you use it only once per session, but it is very relevant. People want to have a power button. Channel selection is uh o often used very often used and indeed uh very relevant. Ah now I remember what is R_S_I_ it's repetitivity stress injury. We have to be careful with that word but uh anyway I continue my presentation so yeah, channel selection is um very important, very often used. Volume is not often used but people uh want to have control on volume and that makes sense of course. And n then you have things which are very much less often used like the settings. Audio settings, screen settings, even teletext and channel settings. All of them. they're not often used and they are s more or less relevant. It seems that people find teletext teletext uh relevant, even if I personally never use it but seems that it's average relevant at least, so. I can tell you that uh in a l in a scale between one and ten relevant uh not relevant to relevant people scored a six on this, which is not as uh these these two one were had I think ten I think. But but if you compare with these ones, uh I think they scored a one or two. Not very relevant, so if if there are good reason not to put teletext it's okay but just know that people find it somehow relevant. That's for the main functions I think and uh then we can ask uh ourself uh what people don't have that may be useful. For instance I think net next slide. One of the thing the trend uh that uh you are probably aware of is the possibility the eventual possibility of having speech recognition in your remote control, so you wouldn't have to tap tap in your buttons but just tell your remote control or whatever you need you have what you want. So we've conducted a survey about uh whether people would like or not to have uh this kind of uh functionality in their remote control and as we can see it really depends on the age. Young people, probably because it's a buzz word, find it very relevant. And uh as the age goes up the the relevance goes down. So now it really depends on the kind of uh targeting uh wha who are we targeting with this remote control? I think if we are targeting young people then uh it's probably something we have to consider. If we are targeting you very old people this is something they really don't know why they this should be so now this is of course, depends on that. And um I don't have any conclusion, I didn't have time the meeting was very tight, so that's basically my findings. And uh, if you have any question? I can go back. Yeah one question, yeah? I am. I think we should aim at the young people. But uh I think they are they are those uh who might be more interested in a in a new device. In general the the early adopters of a new device are young people, less than more than Then teletext is useless for them I think, yeah. Because they they have other means of finding their information. Yeah. But yeah. Nope. 'Kay? So I think it's you, huh? No? No, user requiremen Makes sense. I would say the simplest one as long as there are the uh I find the buttons that I need every time I need a button. Nice. Nice sentence. Mm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. And when does it turn off? Oh so you have a sensing sensor machine that uh knows Tech Mm-hmm. According to your distance to and the angle maybe, if you have a stereo system. Uh I'm not sure about the screen, wha what is the use usefulness of the screen? Uh is it a touch screen by the way? So it gives instructions but uh it has to be with an back light somehow. Okay. Okay. So for instance if I want to go to directly to channel twenty five, how would I do can I do that with this? Yeah mm let's say I am uh on channel eight now. You know these days we have hundreds of channels, that's not so easy to go just next next next when you have hundreds of channels. Or is it? Most people yeah. In fact in in one uh remote control that I've seen, instead of doing that d you could just say these are the cha ch channel three, twenty eight, forty eight and uh sixty four are those that I want to by cycled with my next button. I uh B yeah. Go to channel twenty five. One thing is that as I said in my presentation people really do like to z zap. So even if they are only watching four or five channels, I think they want to zap out of the one hundred channels, just because this is one kind of thing they do, zapping. And it's only next. Yeah so but you have to Okay. So it would be Okay. Mm-hmm. Alright. Listening more. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well I could could uh have a look at that maybe. I'll check in my department if there's someone specialist in that. Although I don't know. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But uh very very good to sell. Think of a all these young people who would love to say that this remote control only works for them, and ha ha you cannot use my remote control, because it's targeted to me. Whatever. Hmm. Cheap. Millions. Cheap. The user uh will just be able to say uh please can you uh pump up the vo pump up the volume or or it will be something like volume, up, down. Okay. Okay. Couple of words. Okay. Of course uh it has to be Okay. But then I think you you First of all I I think this is not uh functionality that it is going to be instead of using the buttons. It's on top of using the button. Well, I dunno. T_V_. Very expensive, no? And volume control. So but uh Sh should we target a a user personalised uh uh remote control? So in in a given room there might be more than one remote control. We would uh have each one and uh with our own personal uh settings. Hmm. Yeah, of course. That's no problem, we will sell more. Yeah exactly. Okay. Thanks. Mm great. Difficult. Mm-hmm. No. Speakers in the remote cont Oh yeah. It just beeps. That would be enough. Something very cheap. But that's ex that's expensive. Uh. Well I I heard of devices where you just uh whistle them and and they because of the the frequency they they just answer to that. You can't whistle. Uh-huh. Or a clap. You can clap. Can you? Clap is good. Tak Just a suggestion. With only one hand? These are not our target people. Mm-hmm. Oh that's e that already exists okay okay. Oh yeah, you do have. Wow. You're trendy. Think about it. Yeah, okay. Okay. Good we're done? Right, thanks.
Yeah, it is put F_ five. The full page presentation, yep. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can you are. Hmm. Yeah, it's electromagnetic waves or something kind of maybe uh effect. Yeah, because infrared uses some electromagnetic technology, and those waves have high Uh. Uh. Yeah it's People really Yeah. Yeah. Uh. Hmm. Yeah. 'Cause Thank you. Mm. Mm. Mm, yep. Thank you. Uh it's techni function of Yeah. I have to do working design so uh. Mm. It's Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Maybe it can be yeah middle of like, between those two li S you should yeah. Mm. Distance. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Yeah and it mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. But even we can have some uh L_C_D_ display, like you can uh de you can just button the number and then it go t because Yeah. But still Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. But otherwise like we can put some display on numbers and then they can just press suppose two five they just press two and five and then Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah but since we are focusing only on T_V_ remote controls so we can have more functions for T_V_ uh if you want to go for a universal then we ought to limit for functions for each of our devices. Yeah. Yeah. Two. Yeah, if Sorry. Yeah. Uh as you know, I am mister Ramaro. I am an expert in uh industrial design of all electronic devices and I previously devised many uh like digital calculators and electronic calculators. So now I'll briefly describe the working design of our remote control. Well, as you know the basic function of remote control is sending some message to the the device, like T_V_ or V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player etcetera. So we will have a p portable device which will send message to the the main device like T_V_. So we need to have some energy source to do what to do the functions, what we want on this portable device. And usually this so to do these functions we need an interface, which basically some kind of pressing buttons or keys or like moving jack or something like that. And then these messages these key buttons can be transferred into some kind of message and then it will process by the chip and then it will generate some information to the main device. It's generally in the form of infrared or some kind of s sensor information. Then we will have the main control in the main device to do the particular action what we want. So, basically we need uh since we are focusing on our interface device remote control we need few components, mainly the energy source like the battery and then we have user interface like uh the keypad and you know buttons we want, and then we have some chip, it's mainly digital signal processing chip because since we are I am one doing mostly digital uh devices we ought to have some kind of processor which take care of all these functions and put it in some digital format. And then we'll have the infrared L_E_D_ source which sends the information to the main device. Then we'll have switch in our main uh um device to do particular operations, and we ought to do different codes for different T_V_s, so some T_V_s will have different encryption codes for doing s s uh channel changing and these things. Yeah yeah, because the people don't use one particular brand so or at least we have more more than five brands, which are really good. So we need to check their specifications and do their uh encryption that's passing information to the T_V_ device. So we need to have particular encryption codes. Then, components, so we have the main uh energy source and then we will have some buttons and then we will have infrared uh source and then we have some inside some chip in in the device. Uh since I don't have much time so I'll input the connections to all this components. And since I also want to know feedback from our Marketing Expert and User Interface, so if you want to add some more components we can incorporate them. Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure, because since our User Interface speech recognition and also Marketing Expert for the speech recognition is really handy, so we can have another, like uh s simple speech recogniser on our D_S_B_ chip. Since we have some kind of uh energy this is our this normal battery, so this battery, once you s switch on it will take power and we can have some speech recognition and in our g generally small digital signal processing chip so that and we will put uh the small uh simple speech recogniser and we can also train the speech recogniser for particular user so you just yeah, so that we just use simple recog no but but Yeah. No, even in you can find even simple mobile device like any mobile brand you can have these voice dialers or these things, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Uh maybe we can make uh it in five Euros and even less than that, because we want to have uh millions and in bulk, so we can make really simp and we want to make really simple device because we have only very few words like like power, switch on or some like then we'll have something like this um we'll have volume and then we will have s particular channel, so users can listen. Ye No, yeah, a user can use any kind of sender but they should have this prompt volume and then yeah volume and decrease or increase, so we try to only recognise those words and and because we can't really say user to say same wording then it become more mechanical and yeah. And then we can have channel they can say, okay I want eight, because we don't know like users have different programmes, I mean they don't really follow same channels strict uh so we just want channel number, we don't want like B_B_C_ or C_N_N_ or something else because it will be complicated so we'll have only these three uh main basic uh anyway volume is not really speech recognition problem, it's it it will be take care of our main mm. Yeah actually we we can have one switch to like uh switch on, on and off, this processor and This really, suppose like here we have our main chip which controls power, volume and this part and this D_S_P_s. Again, this to have some interaction like suppose people use D_S_P_ then it particularly sends some information to the chip like in some form, like volume and like this key. So it may not be like very expensive, because since we are only focusing on T_V_ remote control so and we have only few things here Yeah. Um uh uh this point we didn't consider because it's it's very expensive because v our target is only like twelve point five Euros and Yeah, even automatic on off is also a bit problematic, because it different criteria for different people like so suppose people are really uh they just uh they don't touch the remote and mm y you don't know how much time you need to switch on or switch off and Yay yeah. Yeah that can be possible, especially for power settings, so user can say okay, suppose they're watching a tennis match or something then they can say okay uh after one hour I They can make Yeah we can have Yeah. Uh, not very much, like yeah. Thank you. Yep. Thank you. Can you just yeah. Yeah yeah. Mark will Uh it's in current price, yeah. Yeah. But speech recogniser can be possible. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, especially the power, it really consumes because it should be all the time on and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think it's good. But it's a good feature I guess yeah we need to think about more how to incorporate it. Oh. Ah it's Yeah. Yeah. Thank you, thank you very much.
";The project manager opened the meeting and stated the agenda to the team members. The marketing expert discussed the findings of a survey which indicated that current remotes are ugly, difficult to use, have a number of unused buttons, frustrate users when misplaced, and contribute to RSI. The marketing expert also stated that young users like speech recognition and that users in general want buttons for power, channel selection, volume control, and a few lesser used settings. The user interface designer presented existing remotes to exemplify the need for simpler designs, discussed the use of components such as titanium and a back-lit LCD screen, and discussed other features to consider such as color options. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and how to handle universal capability and speech recognition. After the project manager's closing, the project manager recapped some decisions and the team discussed how to handle the issue of locating a remote when misplaced. 
"How was lunch? Mm. Why? Mm-hmm. W we can use something like you know the whole body's titanium but there are some rubber or I dunno some rubber parts like to make it feel better and to you know Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay, and still we have mm can we still include the L_ L_S_D_ display? L_C_D_ yeah L_C_D_. No, it's not gonna be a t no touchable but still like a source of information or source for menus. Okay, so let's try it, let's t Yeah, yeah, it's it's not gonna be a touch pad, uh just a display for giving you information. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No more questions. Mm yeah, yeah. But still uh L_S_D_'s already quite nice, L_C_ I'm an artist, sorry. So uh, that's not I hope that's not too much. Okay. Uh participant number three. Uh mm mm uh have a look at this no it's yeah. Uh so the concept of the interface. Generally I developed quite a broad concept not only for the interface, but for possible instruction or user's manual and uh all the complex things that come together with your T_V_ and remote controls. So let's start with this. We got our perfect remote control with a lot of buttons and uh we got explanation for every button and you can use your time and uh it will take i some days to learn all this buttons and um the L_C_D_ is going to be somewhere here and uh go back button, I don't know really where it is, maybe one of this buttons, and um power on and off mm I I don't remember so uh it it it should be maybe this button is power on and off? Or no? I can see nothing. So that's our concept. It's called the millennium remote control. Yeah. Really? I thought you like it. Ah okay just press the button, please uh. Yeah, we will not use this. We will not use this. But instead of this I will devise That's our concept. And it's got just few buttons, quite low looking, and all this stuff we already we already discussed. And uh what will people say? They'll say it's perfect. Or what will say? Uh they will say it's splendid. And uh e everyone will say I'll buy it. And everyone's gonna be satisfied. I would make a backlight of the L_C_D_ screen with different colours. Not the case. Yeah. Okay, so let's remember there's a Nokia phone which changeable panels. Do you like it? That's why you don't have it. That's why, 'cause it's nasty. No. Um, I am here. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Okay, what uh there's one more decisi uh one more solution in fact, um 'cause there are some some paints that can change colour according to where they are, like they can reflect different colours depending on what is around, like what colour is around, and depending on the temperature, yeah. We can make it in fact. If if if the okay. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, so Uh-huh. So, be an option, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you know if you want to be different you just take your remote control with you all the time. And it makes you different, you know? Anyone has their remote controls here? No? Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh-huh, uh-huh. Could we integrate something into our remote control, something like light? That they can use it in darkness, like. Hand light, yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. S well, let's go on maybe with the presentation. And um the remote control's going to be smart but how smart should it be to not to complicate things too much? And uh I dunno that's a question to you and to mm to Mm-hmm. Okay, okay. So just just just just think about it um. Thank you. Uh yeah I just want to say it should be real smart. Voice recognition is quite tough. I say don't use it, and the control just looks. 'Cause I ordered jus To l to l lock it. Yeah, sure. Mm-hmm. Okay, thanks. What is spongy? Okay. Okay. So we have to uh for yeah so are we confident enough on creating trends? Well, we can make it smell like fruit. Yeah. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Could we make a titanium shape? I mean fruit-shaped. But Doub double-curved. Okay, okay. In fact I just agreed to make uh to make the like titanium panels on a whole rubber body. Well, okay w we'll see. Yeah We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. I I really don't like this modelling clay 'cause you know it makes some for for I dunno uh yeah um we'll look. Okay, okay. Alright, alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Mm-hmm. Thanks Don't be sarcastic. Mark. Uh Rama. Ah. Mm-hmm. What is a double-curved shape? Uh-huh. The cost. Mm like this? Mm-hmm. Speech L_C_D_. Seems not, it's either L_C_D_ or push-button. Ah. The L_C_D_ would The display would only be display and not uh touch sensitive you mean. Just uh for output, yeah. Yeah. I guess no um. So the batteries uh are going to be very light. Okay. So this device on n that can be used for speech recognition could also be used for just uh the finding it basically, instead of clapping why not just be ask. Mm-hmm. Okay. No, it's okay. Puts less of constraint on what we can do but it's always like that. We have dreams and the in the end we find out that it's not feasible. Anyway. Yeah. L_C_D_. L_S_D_ is something else, and it's quite nice as well. So, go on uh artist. Hmm. Let's change millenniums. doesn't make sense. This is very ugly. Oh no, too much concept. Ah. Ah, back today. Do you think it can come in several colours? Or did the Um but not the case. Uh the case would only be in that uh aluminium uh titanium stuff, like Yeah, well they like uh something which is uh Mm yeah, okay, so that would be the option. I don't know I don't have a Nokia phone, but I don't use that but again, uh I might Yeah, bu but Mm-hmm. Kind of upgradable uh remote control. Wow, wow. Mm. Like a chameleon. Mm-hmm. Because uh I think there are two kinds of people. Those for which the remote control is uh is to be uh something useful uh I'm going to talk about this later but and those for which is something that that that uh is uh specific to them so it it's like a signature. My remote control is pink. Nobody else than me has a pink remote control. And that makes me special. I think I think they would be ready p ready to pay more for that. Those who wanted to have it pink. No mm no. It might be optional, yeah. The the young people the young people want to be different from their friends. Although similar but have something just slightly better. Pink Mm. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You always have your remote. Oh, you don't? Yeah. You don't have your remo Wh you you know like for instance take the iPod. It's a kind of remote control. Uh it's white and it's so white that you see it from any anywhere. It has this distinctive look and feel and look which people seems to like just because it's a colour that we don't usually see in a remote control. White. Seems important. Mm glow in the dark, so Okay. Yeah. Uh-huh, yeah sure. Well so I heard that uh it seems that speech recognition is something that can be done uh so that's the smartness of the thing. Currently we don't have guns with speech recognition or uh beer cans with speech recognition but we may have remote controls with speech recognition. I dunno. Don't touch the remote. But yeah. Are are you saying here that uh the remote controls should be aware of who is using it? So for instance the young guy would not be able to use it because his father doesn't want. Like with some Maybe fingerprint recognition or Mm. Um Mm. Okay. So it could be smart in that way. But for instance th I I'm thinking about the other uh uh particularity that the the remote control could have. S since it it knows who is using it, it might also record the kind of uh channels you are u more often using and uh levels of volumes that you're more often uh things like that and provide you ways of using them, I dunno, somehow, I dunno, that might be expensive but that might also be a good sales pitch again. The remote that knows you. My turn? Okay, it's alright. Four, I think. Trend, yeah. No uh yes. Okay, so I'm going to talk about trends and um I hope this can help us to to understand l how we should design our remote control. So, next slide please. So first maybe just a small recap on how how do we watch trends so it's not so uh simple you might think that it's easy but uh it's not so simple. Anyway these days uh the best uh source of information is the web as you know, so have to to go often on the web and look at uh what the others are doing, and ask real people who are using real remote controls every day uh or any other tool that is similar to a remote control which basically is a small device that people have with them, always, like a phone. We can we can use the phone as a as a good uh uh example of where to in be inspired. Of course those tha d who are watching the trends are also have also to be inspired because in fact they're not only watching the trends, they're inventing it, they're creating the trend. I hope I'm going to try to help you on that. This is more risky because you're not following the trend, you try to invent it, which means either you succeed and you make a lot of money or you don't and you're out of business. So anyway uh next slide please. Uh to be to be quick there's a lot of words here but uh basically there are uh in in the market of of remote controls there are three aspects that we should very pay much attention to. The first one, which seems to be the most important one, is that it has to be fancy, it has to have a fancy look and feel. And uh interestingly this is the very most important thing. It has to be fancy. Strangely enough it's more important to be fancy than to be wi and now that's the second thing it has to be, it has to be technologically i innovative, it has to be new with some of uh new uh technology inside and uh and this is also uh more important than the last thing which we w may think that would have been the most important, which is that it should be easy to use and it should be easy to use as a remote control. So as you see uh it first have to be very nice, s something that people are proud of uh uh that i uh they can be id identified with uh and and then uh something that um contains very novel stuff that they can talk about with their friends, huh, mine has this and not yours. And finally of course it has to be useful as a remote control but it seems that it's not so important that it's useful as a remote control. Next slide please. Uh and now in a more uh general uh uh broad way of seeing th uh the thing. If we look back and not uh look at only remote controls I think it's important to see that the trends are quite the same in many areas so currently the the trends that we see in l in l big cities like Paris and Milan, well, it seems that this year things should have uh a fruit and vegetable uh way of of look or feel or so. And I think of course uh i it applies to everything. That's the thing with trends. It it can travel f from clothe to furniture same idea. Fruit and vegetable. Think fruit and vegetable. And uh if we co we compare to last year, now it has to be spongy, yeah. Well this so so I think uh uh i When we were talking about rubber, I think uh the rubber aspect might be important because it's what is probably more feasible in terms of sponginess. Seems not, seems not. Yeah. So Think more of uh something in the colours of uh like fruit and vegetables and spongy, as a even in the shape it has to be more round and uh more uh uh look natural somehow. I mean And not those futuristic uh remote control with angles and uh and titanium like. So that's what people seem to yeah i I know it's quite far from what you thought but that's that's fashion and Okay that's all I have to say. These I'm sorry. Yeah, yeah we have people uh uh listening to the trends everywhere in the world, of course, as you know our company is quite big and uh so I'm just asking them what are the current trends according to them when they go in the stores and when they ask uh their uh friends that are also well. No, it's not it's not this this is very general, yeah. But it seems that trends travel across things. The what we Sure. Yeah. We have to I think we have to have the look of fruit and vegetables but we still have to put our chips inside, so of course. This is your problem. This is not mine. Yeah, I think in the colours and in the uh the kind of material. If if it's something like rubber made or I think it it's also going to be good. Okay? Yep. Thanks. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks. Spongy. No, we don't have to, but seems it's the trend. Again, as I said we can also try to make it, to create the trend. So there's no Well, that's you t can try to convince us. Okay. that's a good idea, I Uh I think i yeah i it's again in this uh what I said first it has to be fancy so I think if nobody else pro provides currently a remote control with that kind of stuff and if we can provide it I think it's a good sell for us because we have it and others don't. It's fancy. Whether it's useful or not doesn't seem to be very important. Maybe you could explore the two option. Mm. Seems to be. If you have time. For creation. You can paint it afterward. No problem. We have a very large department of paint. You will do it. Yeah. The thing is that uh if we want to have as he says if we want to have uh a small number of buttons we need to have a kind of output that says currently what their actions are. Yeah. That's the converse to having zillions of button where each button does only one thing. Yeah. Classical, we stay classical in that we don't reinvent uh the wheel. Anyway it's very in general I think people uh change T_V_ more often than batteries of their remote control. So. Because the trend goes faster than the life of the So it's very Okay. We're done.
Ramaro. Yeah, participant two. Component. Yep. So we're to mainly design f mainly need to know which components we'll use for energy, and the material and interface. For energy there are maybe two or three possibilities. First one, we can use simple battery, or we can use traditional solar cells or mm and the material we can have plastic, rubber which is good for this R_S_A_ and then uh titanium, which can be which have very good look an and then interface we're to use push buttons or liquid crystal d L_C_D_ display. And we can use some, moving kind of thing. So, as we discussed before, we need to we would like to have some speech recognition s chip in our remote control. So this can be simple kind of programmable chip and which can use microphone sensors. And we also want to look at our remote control, so. Still we are looking for possible uh technical uh specifications and how w easy we can do and within our pri range, like we're to in our twelve Euros or around that. So we are looking for simple devices or simple technology to do the location of remote control in a room or in a house. So uh we discussed an Excuse me. So we would like to propose battery instead of solar cells and it would be problematic uh to have enough energy with the solar cells and so we would like to just use simple battery. And also we want to go for titanium design instead of rubber or and well the problem is with this design we found that we can't use double-curved shapes. Like you can have two curves. Uh it's I think in manufacturing I guess it's problematic. So, we want to go for simple push buttons because it need a simple chip and it's really lesser uh re really less expensive compared to L_C_D_ which are uh which needs advanced chip technology and it's more expensive, since we want to put some other features such as speech recognition we want to reduce uh cost. Uh Uh And also like in if you put a it's be difficult to do all the moulding of buttons and these things and Yeah. Yeah. Like in cell phones recently these you can with the rubber in four directions and yeah. But full assembly We'll use mainly for titanium rubber is expensive and also it's bit difficult to do all the shapes uh. And this push buttons we we would like to use push buttons instead of L_C_D_s and so we want to mo I mean we're we want to put speech recognition so we want to reduce price on this technology and so that we can have enough space or enough money for S S Y yeah we have simple buttons and speech recognition technology, so Uh l So uh it's like a Yeah maybe maybe we can see depending on how we'll come up with our full design then if we have enough money or like for and because the speech recognition technology will take at least five Euros or or something so we want to reduce the cost on display or this inter Ok Yeah, that can we we can consider, because like it won't take much money I guess, because Okay, yep. You have any further questions or? Yeah. Yeah, we're to go for li and now I think we have many options in the market so we can go for small nickel or alkaline batteries for really light batteries and with uh good price. Yeah, that's then the the one thing we want to know is like because remote control is used for like in the household so it it it will be it m maybe at least five, six people want to use it so so how to uh uh how to define our re speech recognition whether we want to do s speaker independent or speaker dependent. If we're going for more speaker independent then it would be like again cumbersome and we need really m more technology and so Yeah, if if everybody in the house n to locate then we're to go for some speaker independent technology or something. Yep. Thank you. Yeah. Oh. We have uh some limitations. Three. So maybe you can use in the end and Uh Mm. Yeah. But it's uh But it would be expensive, no? If you use colour L_C_D_. Uh instead of that maybe we can change the colour of the assembler. Maybe we can just if users want more colours they can pay more money to get this uh the shapes and they can have different assembly. So users have different I mean they have their own interests, colour interests and so So we can just if they want they can just pay another two Euro. Yeah. Yeah yeah yes. If they want like uh so that we can yeah. Yeah. Just they'll get few more things and few more colours. Lights, yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Mm. Yeah. Uh Mm. But those people will be really few, no? So like we can those Ah. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Yeah maybe like the infrared like we can put some radium chips or something so that like at least um yeah. Yeah, that Oh. Yeah. Uh that mm that could be feasible I guess, like So since we have we want to do some speaker dependent speech recognition uh so we can use yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh it's Hmm. Four. Mm. Yeah kind of um maybe Yeah it Yeah. Yeah. We need to think about mm mm. Fruit. Even shape? More yeah. Yeah. Mm. So these abilities are mainly ad addressed by young people? Or it's This you you so did you Where? Oh. Oh, okay, mm-hmm. It's not from mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. It's more general trend it's not particular to the remote control. Mm. Yeah. Yeah but some materials n they're to be uh they're to be something like solid like they can't be really spongy or yeah yeah. yeah, yeah sponge, yeah yeah at least that's Yeah yeah that yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah, looking yeah fruit. These things can be easily incorporated. We can have t colours or this shape or at least yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Look and feel de Hmm. Hmm. Mm sounds interesting. So, can we highlight the specific features of our yeah, so so we want the speech recogniser and we want some kind of buttons and we want some themes like fruits or vegetables, that's we want to follow general trend. Yeah. So, do you think Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. That's So what about location and these things, people are really interesting on those features? Or they really like They more want these fancy features like Feature Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh we will try to explore these two options and yeah yeah. Uh yeah at least like we can make banana or yeah it's it's yeah that's a we're to look for and and s we're to see the whether rubber is expensive and d Hmm. Mm. Yeah. Maybe we can have two different assembly also like one spongy and one kind of titanium. we have only the plastic or the the chippy yeah fibre chips or Uh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even design. So still we want to keep L_C_D_? Or Okay. Yeah, then we can yeah, yeah, that user friendly or Mm. Yeah. Yeah. and we just stick with two batteries so it's not any solar or yeah yeah j yeah, because Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we're done. Yep.
Okay, so now we are on the conceptual design meeting. Uh y getting close to the last is the penultim meeting. Mm great. So um I will again do the secretary part uh we will have three presentation first um uh the industrial design, first Rama then Mark and then Sammy. Um um we have to take a decision on the control remote control concepts and we have forty minutes. So what we want to the decision we want to take on this meeting are on the um first on the component concept, so what kind of energy we use uh what kind of chip on print and one ki kind of case. And also on user interface concept uh what kind of interface we use and if there is some supplements. And at the end um Sammy will give um a trend watching on what he's he's been doing. It's So, let's go. First with Rama. Participant two. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, okay. Um I want to know why it b uh just uh sorry but for the point before uh why not the rubber, if it is something that it seems to be light. Okay. You m titanium it's more uh Yes so mm Uh-huh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Uh yeah so Okay, s so simple button and uh speech recognition for the more complicated. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Okay, for the location. Hmm. Okay. So let's now go to the you don't have more question? Um mm thank you mm. Yeah. Yeah, but mm. Okay. Um yeah. Now let's talk about uh interface. Three. Which one? Okay. Mm. No. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Because apparently from your survey people like colours, no? Okay. So? Uh-huh, okay, so you you propose something with option i that increase the price if we if you want o more colours on L_C_D_, yeah. Okay. And thermodynamic also. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah but that's maybe mo too much expensive, yeah. But uh it can be in uh maybe in an a gradable version, but Mm-hmm. Okay and you think that we don't have to make to make them pay more because of uh o or this is Okay, so so i it's not uh a s base service it's a Mm. Okay. Mm-hmm. So m so maybe that's if that it's a selling point maybe it has to be the base. And you'll be different. Uh in the train uh, hello uh no. Want to change my neighbour. Mm. Mm-hmm. Iradium? Ah sorry. Mm. Okay. So mm Mm-hmm. Mm, that's a nice world. Okay. Mm. Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. So it's yeah, Marketing Expert. Participant two? Four, sorry. Mm. Mm-hmm. S So maybe titanium it's not a good idea. Mm-hmm. Um sorry Mark. It seems to be Mm-mm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. You're old-fashioned. Sorry. Okay. Mm you have questions? Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. No more question? Okay. So Mm-hmm. Okay, so we will have uh next meeting in thirty minutes again. Um now you have to go straight on this individual action which i which are for Rama uh wil design, um Mark the user interface design, and uh Sammy uh the product evaluation. Uh you will work together uh on a new on on a prototype using modelling clay. Mm-hmm um and I as always your personal coach will send you specific instruction. Yeah you're right, you have to So you say s S do we agree on that? Yeah. We have to. No. Okay, that's a good idea. So titanium smell like fruit. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. I I agree with uh this uh Now we have to decide on what kind of fanciness. Do we take titanium smelling like fruit, or do we make spongy uh fruity-like Mm. Yeah, yeah. Don't you say that you cannot do double shape uh curved shape yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-mm. Okay, so you explore now that you're going to work together these these two. Or or spongy an yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah I don't think w I think we have to choose. If we choose uh titanium or if we choose spongy but uh it cannot be both. Ah you can pretend that it's uh titanium. Yeah, do don't worry, you you you speak with mm mm. Okay. So explore a shape. Mm I think it's what we say, that we have an uh an L_C_D_ with uh information. Not uh Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. So are we mm. Okay. So see you in thirty minutes.
";"The project manager stated the agenda and set the goals for the current meeting. The industrial designer discussed different options for batteries, case materials and shapes, chips, and interface components and also discussed the components necessary for a speech recognition capable remote control. The user interface designer presented his concept for the interface design which he called the ""millennium remote control"". The user interface designer also discussed with the team color options and how to make a ""smart"" remote which is in tune with the user's preferences. The marketing expert discussed current findings from trend watching reports which indicated that there is a desire for products to have a fancy look and feel, be technologically innovative, be easy to use, incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme, and be spongy. The project manager gave the team members their assignments and then the team went over the decisions they had made and discussed whether to use titanium or rubber in their design. "
"Mm. So, uh now it's the Hi Sammy. It's the detail design meeting, so we're going last meeting. So um, first uh Mark and Rama are going to present uh the prototype. Uh then uh Sammy will propose some uh crite cr criteria to evaluate this prototype. Then, w we And then we going to do some finance to see if uh it is uh feasible and uh at the end we will we will um evaluate ourself as a team. And that's all. Okay. So first, let's uh see the prototype. Okay. And you have some slides then? Yeah. Mm. Okay. Uh so in which uh Mm okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. MASA? Okay. What do you say? One day. He Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Bobby. Mm-hmm. Hmm. 'Kay. Are colourful. Yeah. Ho-ho. That's for the L_C_D_ or for the titanium? Mm-mm. Hey, you know you're theme today. Hmm. And w wait, wh what are the strawberries for? Wh wh Mm-hmm. Okay. Strawberries. Ah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh we'll see in the financial part if uh all gets into W Who is the five uh fifty millions we first make a party in? Mm-hmm. Okay. Uh, so Let's uh, yeah, let's see if uh th it's meet the evaluation criterium. Oops. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh, I think that fancy, we can say it is fancy. Oh. I am not the d the only one choosing, yeah. Uh what do you think? Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. It's in the other. Yeah. Mm. Two. Let's say two, yeah. Change colour of t Yeah, I think it's a Yeah. Yeah. Mm-mm. Um The strawberries Oh. Mm-mm. Yeah. But it's too. It's um robust, yeah. Oh, yeah, lets me try. Yeah. What is uh next, please? And you can uh do di two sites? Yeah. Okay, also. You can, by using the You c push here the the yeah. Let me understand well, because I'm not sure that's for that this one are b d uh two dir directional button. Yeah, two Yeah. Yeah. And which what is that? Okay, okay. It's a kind Oh, okay okay. Oh oh okay, great. Now it's looks us useful. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-mm. Uh-oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's. Let's imagine. And what about the strawberries on the top? I'm not convince. But maybe I'm not trendy. But, uh Yeah, but uh uh they're not useful. I I mean it that's uh Mm-hmm. Yep. Hmm. I would have m uh i found more fancy that the fruits are useful. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But the n Yeah. Mm. No, I'm not sure uh why uh if it was like this I It's n no, it's not fancy any more. Okay. Uh-huh. And different routes. Okay, I see what Okay, so you you you feel like it's something uh a protection for the remote control. Also. Okay. Okay. Okay. Wow, that's a Yea Yeah, it's fudge titanium. You know. Right, yeah. And uh Okay. Let's go for one. Yeah. So it's a good evaluation. Yeah. Mm. Mm-mm. Okay. So now, it has to fulfil the financial criterium? So, I have an Here. Um. Okay, so two. Uh-huh. Oh. Yeah yeah, but the price is two. Oh, number. Sorry sorry sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Oh. No, never. H Okay. And for the One also. I thought you can curve somebody. Mm-hmm. Oh see, I I think that the the price is this one. Yeah, yeah. Don't chip on me. Mm-hmm. Mm-mm. Yeah. But she wanted u the fudge titanium. I think it's five, but you don't say. Mm. Oh, sorry. Again, I'm See it. Special colour, or it's only on the Yeah, but there is no colour here. So I put it here. How many push-button? Three or two? Is there The scroll-wheel, okay. Okay. Um That's that's not We choose this one, and not this one. Or only a scroll-wheel. You try to s No, no, no. Because how do you do to y select? Yeah, I mean you you go on the location with your scroll wheel and then you Stay longer. Okay. Oops. Okay, okay. Um Mm-hmm. You you have all of these, no? Mm maybe n not this one but Yeah, so Not special colours an interest in? And buttons are not colourised? They are m Boo-hoo. It's already too expensive. Apparently. Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. So think of what we can cut uh here. Apparently, we have to choose one or the other. But you don't need a battery? Mm. But um it's like the hand dynamo, no? Uh it's a it's a beginning. Okay. So One here and here. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm. That's right. M maybe minus uh three, no? Mm-hmm. Mm. So Oh, sorry. Mm-hmm. Mm. Okay. Oh, we can put uh a hand dynamo and a battery if you want. Oh. Both its it's cool. Mm. Yeah, yeah y Yeah. Mm. It's maximum and don't have to Yeah, yeah. Uh Uh, mm-mm. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Mm. So target reached. It's um English uh Yeah. Yeah, but uh is uh English. So Mm. Mm, let's try. Okay. I save it uh Okay, so next mm No, that's yours. Sorry. 'Kay. Okay. So now We have to make um Yeah. Yeah. Mm. See mm how Are we a good team? Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Is there enough room for creativity? Mm. And you. Mm. Oh. Okay. Well, project evaluation. So, you say, is there sheep? Luck. Okay. So luck, but good. Which imply good uh team performance. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Okay. A lot of uh Yeah, uh new ways of doing financial Mm. Mm. They're working on um pink titanium. Mm yeah. Yeah, we're really nice. Yeah. Mm. Okay. I think it's Yeah. Uh How Yeah. Mm. I'm the one, proposing the celebration. Of course, you know I'm the program manager. Mm-hmm. Ah um, I think it's finish. Yeah. Mm. Mm-mm. And we go to the party. thank you to you. Mm.
So, Hi Christa. Yes. Mm.. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Such a nice thing. Can I? Ho-ho. It says I will uh I'll buy it. If I if I need so. Hopefully my daughter will like it. Yes, of course. Of c course. Ah. Oh, there is a button missing. Okay. It's in option. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Hey, babe. Bob. Hey Bob. Okay, that's good. Oh, these are strawberries. Fruit smelling spongy titanium. I didn't know it exist, but that's great. Ha. You mean we can change the colour uh of th Yeah. Yeah okay, for the L_C_D_. Tit titanium is Uh, okay. Yeah, Bob, please. Tuesday colour. Okay. Mm-hmm. Black for Sunday. On the L_C_D_? Oh. Of course. What do you think? Strawberry sensors. Very useful. Lounge meeting. Alright. Good. So, huh. Interesting. In interesting. Mm mm. It makes sense. So uh, this is What a design. It's my turn. Mm-hmm. Let's see if this Yeah, if you meet the evaluation criterion. Yeah. So, evaluation please. So. You made a very nice prototype, and um, I think, we now need altogether to try to evaluate it to see if it makes sense to do it, if it fulfils our what we want to do, and things like that. So mm Uh, next slide, please. As you know, before going and uh creating and producing these strawberry uh remote control, it's very important to first verify if it makes sense, if we have a chance to sell it. Uh, so we need to evaluate it um, try to do it in a constative way, and as much as we can. To so what I propose is that we are going to to have this scale from one to seven. One meaning that, ye yes uh it fulfils uh the the criterion, whatever it is. And seven meaning, no it doesn't fulfil at all. And we're all l going to list all the criterion. I'm going to go to that next slide, and together try to evaluate this according to this criterion and from one to seven. And then we are just going to have an average, which will give us the value of our uh remote control. So, maybe we can have a look at the criteria? So these are the criterion uh I'm I thought were important. Of course, this can be discussed, but let's let's see, so let's vote. So we have fancy here and we have the scale from one to seven with four in the middle. So, what do you think, is it fancy? It is very very fancy. Or have you ever seen something like that? Yeah, of course. What do you think? Is it The weight is later. Now we're We're on the fanciness now. I think it's quite fancy. It's uh Yeah, so No it's it's one. Yeah, o one means it's, yes, a very fancy and seven mean no at all. So it's one or two. What do you think? Two? Okay. So here, two. Up. Then we have uh technology. So, what about technology? We have uh we have speech recognition, we have location based, we have L_C_D_. Change colour, I mean that's very Quite d I think it's a one for that, at least. At least a one, yeah. Robustness, uh-huh. So let's suppose my daughter take it and um and through it away. Do you think it makes sense that it's going to live again? Uh, maybe not the prototype. Let's try. Oh my god. Okay, we just lost one strawberry. So Not at all? It is Yeah. Yeah. So it's not so bad. I um uh I would say three. Yeah, that does make sense, yeah? Useful. Well, so the question is does it have uh the minimum requirement of re remote control? So I don't know. These buttons are uh It not clear. But you have at least uh next produce. Uh, it depends on the Okay. So but, for instance, because the L_C_D_ is not uh touch control, touch screen, you cannot go to channel twenty five directly. Directly. Yeah. Oh, it's a jog dial, okay. Uh-huh. Okay. Yeah. Okay. It's much longer than that that being two two five, no? Don't you think so? May not okay, we can go. That's uh You're right. That's it's less uh Yeah. But it's it's nice, because people anyway don't go there. But So what do you think for it, usefulness? Seems to be useful. Both. Yeah. Yeah. Up down or left right. Yeah. That Cool. I would say then uh Two or three? Two or three? Two. Okay, two. So size and weight. Is it the the the effective size and weight that the Is it uh real size, real weight? Or Because it Size is going to be that, yeah? Uh, and and It's going to be lighter, because this seems to be very heavy f I mean, for my daughter, for instance. Not sure if uh she can use it. So, should be okay. Up to three for that, because I'm haven't seen the weight so I must not uh Colour and shape. Well, so colour, it seems that we have the several colours for the L_C_D_. But um, it's not very clear what is the colour of the sh the sh the case. It's a it's going to be titanium. Okay, okay. That's nice. I think it's good. Okay. Yahoo. Well y you know, it's this uh fruit and vegetable year. So Uh, I think usefulness is m as as I rem um just have to remind you that usefulness is much less important than fanciness. Whether it's fancy or not now, it we have to decide. But this If it's Uh-huh. So, that they will that maybe the fruit may be here instead.. So, it seems we are not so clear on the shape uh I suggested three. Because uh, everybody s doesn't seem to be convince, although it's quite You have good arguments. But And uh the last one is adaptive. This is not r maybe not as important as the other one, but uh can we adapt it to each each personal use? Great. Fully adaptable. That's Yeah. So you can fit into your palm, okay. That What else can we need? You Do you think you are gonna be able to do that with ti titanium as well? It's fudge, yeah, yeah. Yeah, fruit titanium, yeah. Well, I if if this is if you are ready to do that, then I think it deserves a one. Okay. Now we have to do the average. Who is good in math? Okay. Two point one seven. That's nice. Two point one seven out of seven. I think we have a good good thing. Well, that's all I had to say about the evaluation. So It seems to be good, yeah. We have uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Ah-ha. So so how many batteries do we need? One battery? Good. Why two? Say no. No, ne never install. Two batteries or one? Only one. No, no. But no, no. No, no way. Yeah. You never use uh Excel? Good. It's twelve bucks. Twelve bucks. Twelve and a half, I think. Okay. Okay, electronics. So It's a simple chip? Simple chip, okay. One. Okay. One or two? One? Okay. So the case, which one uh is it in the end? Let's do a single curve. It's flat, and curved. It's curvable. Maybe there is a supplement for that, no? It's only curve? Okay, let's go. This Okay, you d We tried, we tried. So, what is it? T titanium? Mm, that's expensive. Mm-hmm. Okay. Let's stick to s titan. Special colour? No because uh Yeah. Oh. So the L_C_D_ Two. Yeah. It's going to be expensive. That's all? No. Oh, I think, no it's Uh, is it a scroll wheel and pe push button, th this centre one? Or only only scroll wheel, okay. You are trying to make make up make us up. No, but you select with the two d the other two buttons, no? That's true. Yeah. Yeah. It should stay. Yeah. She's very hard on this. Special colour? Yeah. No. Special material? Yeah, buttons are the standard buttons. Yeah. It's only buttons, these. Nothing special. Okay. So we are at seventeen dot eight. No, the colour is in the L_C_D_. I no. We can just use this red. It's So what is Are we supposed to cut things out now? Uh, until we get twelve fifty. Well, if I look at what is the most expensive things, uh it's the L_C_D_ and the speaker. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So that would So, but if we select the hand dynamo it's okay, we only We we win one. That's already that. Okay, let's do that. I'm not sure if this is legal. And? No. Okay, let's see. Yeah, yeah, yeah, if Click somewhere, you'll see features. Yes, it does. Maybe put minus two, so it looks uh more reasonable. Yeah, anyway No, minus two. Nobody will know. It's not recorded, is it? Okay, we're on time. Good. No, now we are exp exceeding I think. It Is it? I think we're exceeding now. We have to remove the Uh, it's better. I think they are counting uh We would prefer, yeah. Maximum is maximum. So, remove one of them. Yeah. Okay. Okay, we're uh on target. I'm just curious to see this uh my address chip on print. Trick. Uh, I would say it's the Russian trick, but Anyway No, they may have some their origins, strange origins No, no, no. Let's finish this meeting instead. What else? No. This is right. Okay, so finance, that's done. Are the cost under twelve? Yes. Project evaluation, good. Project process. Safe uh asse uh safe assessment. Yeah, I think we've listened to everybody. Everybody could say what they thought. And uh Yeah. When we see the results, there is no doubt there Maybe a lack of leadership? Team-work, very strong, I would say. Team-work, no problem. Means. Whiteboard, digital pens. Yeah, I think white-board is useful. Digital pens, useful. New ideas found? Yeah. But uh Yeah, but uh then I I mus That's true. And there's uh one very important point. We're on time. Meetings finish when they have to or even before. The for meeting it's uh one of the most important thing. Yeah. Yeah, we have other uh remote controls to create. Mm.. Mm, yeah. Hey, just wondering if my uh what about the the pink the pinkness of that uh. They are working on a Okay, good. I think we are great. There's no no other words for that. We are probably the best. Real Reaction is uh Yeah. Yeah. Finished? Ah, celebration. Are the costs within the budget? Of course they are. Yeah. Is the project evaluated? Yes, it is. To whom? To the whole our company? So, let's celebrate. Uh I think the meeting The meeting is over at least. So, we have to go out. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah. Uh, here we have our prototype model. Yeah. Yeah, we have also some slides. In Yeah. Five. Him.. Experience. Explanat See this. You can Spongy. Hmm. So Yeah. This this is really flexible. You can add your buttons. Yeah. So function, mm So, as we discussed, we have to switch on switch off whenever we want. And so, we have buttons and using L_C_D_, or like you can use this jog wheel and select which ever option on the L_C_D_, and then do on and off. Then you ha you'll have volume control. So, you you can press these buttons to increase or decrease the volume. And we have some L_C_D_ controls. Like, m switching the L_C_D_ display if you want to use L_C_D_, or you don't want you can just use normal button. And we have speech recognition. Here you have microphone, and then it date records your voice, and then it try to recognise. And it can also do the action. And location finder. And we want to do the location basically using speech recogniser. You can just say, where is my remote control. Or uh, you can just give some nickname to your remote control, like Bobby. And then, it will say hi. Yeah, hi, and then you can use it. So, um our team is now fruits. Mainly strawberry. So, you can have And then you can see the look L_C_D_ and all the switches. Material, we want to stick to titanium. We will send, we want to Yeah, or s So, we want to have simple and perfect shapes, like I shown in these phones. You can have your own designs and and you can feel simple designs. And you can choose colours on your day for each day, or even many colours. For the L_C_D_. With titanium it's it is silver. Yeah. Mm, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Even you can configure your colours for its the depending on your mood, or s And you can have many colours on weekends. Or Huh? Ah, these are like sensors. So, after this meeting we'll propose a party for our success for So, if you are vegetarian or you have any options, please let us know. Yeah. S So, any specific questions for Yeah. Yeah. Then we can discuss We can Yeah, then we can have how much for how money is left. Yeah. Fudge. Yeah. Fancy. Huh. Yeah, what's is really Uh, it's really Yeah. Oh. Yeah, yeah. We can give at least five or six, seven. Oh, Oh. So Oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Oh, okay. So M maybe two. Technology. Yeah. Um And we have L_C_D_. So you change colours. Useful. Yeah, yeah. It's silly. Uh, still we need to cha Yeah, it Maybe strawberry. Oh. Yeah, we can easily plug it. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Useful? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah, channel. I this is volume control and channel changes. These are the main You Yeah. Yeah, and you can do on L_C_D_ using these going to scrolling all the option. So if you don't want Yeah, um yeah. Yeah. And channel. You can select. Yeah mm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Y you need to like press two and five and Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah mm. So, d Yeah, we need to address we want we only address two main functions here and the other functions will be on L_C_D_. So so Yeah. Yeah. Up. This is jog wheel. Yeah. Um, see in L_C_D_, like you will have blocks and you select which one. Yeah. Yeah. Two, maybe. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's size al almost Yeah, because it is The weight will be bit lighter. We will s We use titanium. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Heavy. Yeah. Yeah. But sides uh, the sides should be okay.. Yeah mm. Oh. Yeah. The case is silver titanium, no? Yeah. Oh. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So maybe, I think Yeah. Yeah, well Yeah. Um Yeah, well then it's bit difficult to use. Not like this d We're just giving the fruit for more fanciness and more attraction, too. So, maybe think we can have rubber or some sponges, stuff for strawberries and different colours. So it's Even These buttons But it looks really not really good. I mean, the f Yeah. So these are kind of rubber things. Even if you lose one you can just put whatever. Even we can provide many different colours or different fruits, and Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we've yeah we have sensors here and so here and here, so we just Yeah, so even if you don't put, it works. But this is really fancy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You can Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Three, three, six, eight, eleven. Hmm.. Yeah mm. Yeah, two one one seven, we have. So Financi Energy. Uh, we use bat One battery. Yep. Oh, we just need one, I guess. No, number is one. We need only one battery. Number, number. So we We have sample chip. Uh, like simple chip, yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. Four buttons at least. And then we have the t sample speaker sensor for speech recognition. Yeah, one to one. Yeah, one. Yeah, I think we will go for a single curve, no? Oh, is Oh. Oh, okay. Yeah. Oh. Titanium. Yeah, well No, only one, no? Um Interface. Yes, in L_C_D_ display. Ok Yeah, an Yeah. Push-button. Scro Uh, two. Yeah. One scroll wheel. One L_C_D_ displayed. Yeah. Yeah, it's cheaper. Yeah. Only scroll wheel. Yeah mm. So It's already Ah. Y ye Yeah. Then it automatically we can just do like you feel, it goes. And it will activate Um, plus, yeah, it's price is really Special colours, yeah. Okay. Yeah, buttons and strawberries. Yeah. Special form. Uh, we have titan Yeah. Mm, hmm, I think uh because you can just go for a good colours. Yeah, and uh Yeah. Oh. Sample speaker. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe the jog wheel can be like kind of hand is Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, just remo S Yeah. Uh, no. Yeah. No, no. It's not It's not changing, no? It you don't So now on, we can increase our Still you have two more. Maybe we can use it for our party. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that No, but point five point three. Okay. Is really strict? Oh. Oh yeah. Ho Oh. Uh And we can discuss all these things in our party. Mm yeah, very much. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it's really Yeah. Yeah, our team-work is really strong. Oh, we still, I guess. Hmm. Don't really. Yeah. And we also Mm. We made Mm. Hmm. Ah, we got new idea, speech recognition, location finding. New materials, new s uh this fancy strawberry design. And new tricks. Ah, very. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's We got two Good score. Oh, okay. So where we will go now? Uh, ye Will go to Italian restaurant, or Ah, okay. We can decide. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
Yes. And chocolate? Mm-hmm. Yes, and place some slides. Uh, participant three. Prototype. Uh, so this is our remote control. It's a r working prototype. You can use it now by switching all these buttons. So first, I present as we came to this perfect model, and then we'll give some technical specifications. That's well, so that's that. Please, next slide. We analysed all the fruits and contacted NASA, and uh made some real good Yeah. If you can see this, and the stars are showing that. And um, s society will accept that. For sure. And making some analysis of different fruits, we choose the ultimate form, ultimate colours, and uh ultimate smell of it. S please, next slide. But we still didn't want to go far from our titanium idea, 'cause it's the most of the moder the m the modern material we can p select. And it's practical. And it's still say it's for our needs, so please press something. And as I said, it's perfect. Please press it. Everyone is f really uh really glad to obtain an s such a r such a device. So you can touch it with your hands. Sure. Yes. N You must say it. Yeah. Okay. Y and we got the answer. Uh, it is, yes, of course., please next slide. Um, this is a prototype. You can have a look at it, and That's all I wanted to say. Now it's technical specification by our colleague. We are still working on titanium. So, r we'll start with L_C_D_. You can ask Bob. It's Tuesday. That's location sensors. Yeah, and we can just some strawberry first. Um Oops. Let's make a party first maybe. Feel the weight. Really. Okay. Two. Two. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Uh No. No. How can I say this. It's still it's still working, and your daughter got a bonus. A strawberry. You can. You go you So, the basic mode Yeah. So that's simple. The basic mode is uh you got just two buttons and a jog dial. With two buttons, you do this like uh volume up, volume down. Or if you go to the site, it's channel up channel down. And if you want to make to s twenty-five, you push on this. You select twenty, you select five. That's it. No. Yeah. Yeah. It's a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the L_C_D_ screen. Like, selecting the menus. Sure, without titanium alloy, it's going to be light. Of course. Okay. Okay. And Moreover, moreover it covers it covers all the end goals. Even if it is, you know, it's very rounded, but still you got some rubber fruit here, and it's completely uh completely secure to leave it uh with children and that. Okay. Okay. Sure, sure, just look at it. It's full adaptable. Yeah, you can fit it into your palm, you know. Mm, It's two point one seven. No, uh you just Number. Yeah. How What what's the limit? Uh, it's it's okay that I don't know, 'cause uh it's not my field. Twelve bucks. Okay, now Mm-hmm. Check that number also. It's it's flat. It's flat. But it is flat, you Look. It's curvable, but it's not curved. Oh, okay. Mm. Mm. Well, n Why three? Why three? For buttons. No, buttons just normal. That's for buttons. But buttons are standard. Well, as you may know there's some research done in the field of producing energy from mechanical eng, I mean, producing electricity from mechanical energy. So, the point is that when you take device and push the button, you produce enough energy to make electricity. Yeah, that you don't need a battery. So, it's something like hand dynamo robot. A real high-tech version of it. Okay, but l Why not. Let's do that. And I propose to So uh, about chips. Advanced chip on print, right? So, put minus one there, please. Why not? And? So, was there result? Let's have a look. Why? Oops. Yeah. Why not. Minus. Good. And a battery and a battery, yeah. Now it's fancy, let's add one instead of two. Well, I don't know. I don't know. I am not sure who was programming this calculator, you know. 'Cause uh I wonder if we put A_ or B_ somewhere instead of a number. Next slide. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. M maybe not, huh? What was the Oh yeah, what was good? Everything. What was bad? Yeah. A good leader, you know, a good leader is somewhere in the shade and Of course. Uh Not to waste time, that's important. We need time f New materials. Budget. Alright.. Okay. Yeah, it is. So, we see, we can even forecast. they propose us like celebration, everything, we could forecast it, right? You? It was you. Okay. Okay.
";"This last meeting started with the presentation of a remote control prototype. It has on-off and volume buttons, an LCD screen (it can be active or switched off) in various colours, which largely replaces the use of push buttons, and a jog-wheel for navigation and option selection in the menus presented on the LCD. It also includes speech recognition as an alternative interface, which also serves as mechanism for locating the device. It was designed to be powered by a single battery. The casing will be made of titanium with rubber strawberries following the fruit and veg fashion. The prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad) in terms of fancifulness, technology, robustness, usefulness, size, colour and shape and customizability: the average mark was 2.17; the team were satisfied with their prototype, although after costs were calculated it proved very expensive. Finally, the team evaluated the whole process: they deemed themselves a good team, they found there was plenty of room for creativity and they liked the project manager's leadership. "
"Good morning. Well, I think we should set the the points to to drive the project and uh Yeah, from the account manager. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. I think our uh responsibilities will be assigned when we in our mail we received from the account manager. Uh No, I'm doing the interface. Yeah I I'm I'm Well, maybe we have okay so I industrial design. It was a little confusion about my uh but it's alright. Yeah. User. Well, I think we can have a little discussion about what has to be done and what are your ideas about the Well, w we want to have a new re remote control for for T_V_ distribution I guess. So we have to plan how how it would be developed and uh how we can make it work. Yeah, I dunno I Yeah. Well I I think that Norman and I would think about um the technical points and um we should discuss it in the next meeting, or Yeah. Well, you have to make it work. That's the that's the big thing. Yeah. We can think about an interface with uh well Yeah, yeah. I I think if you want t to choose uh from a list of programme or or something like that you you may have to to use uh w uh I dunno Yeah. Yeah. On the content. Yeah, yeah it's it's a good idea it's a good idea but I I think that technically it would be um a little bit uh uh more tricky to to achieve this than just to Yeah yeah. Well I I I I think that j just by using navigation buttons and the user interface on the screen we are able to uh navigate uh through the Well channel programme or contents or in an easy way, so Yeah in the dis display on the T_V_ screen and just uh with the with your remote control would just navigate through the f Yeah, yeah. So I think for for the technical points we have to to to check how to gather the data from programme or contents and all this stuff Oh right so Please, Norman, draw uh Okay. Yeah, by content or by channel, it's a good idea. And uh we we have to find a way how to gather information about the contents. Yeah. I think i it's not very difficult to to browse by channel but it's a little bit tricky to browse by contents so I think that's the the things to do and uh to uh reflect about it and uh discuss it in the next meeting. Okay. Thank you everybody. Okay.
Good morning. Or you can put it in the shared folder. No, I didn't get it. This one. No. No,. I think it's for your guys to how to design it all the aspects so you need that information. Yeah I think assign your uh roles. For each person, yeah. Uh, I'm into marketing. yeah nothing much in the project. Marketing in this design. A design is basically for industrial design and the user interface. Yeah, this is. Yeah, that's right, first. us user define. There's a trend watching. Yeah. I mean working remotes we already have. This will be something different from the other remotes remote controls. Yeah, that's right. I'm a okay. I mean the main uh function of remote control is to have something in the hand and we should be very careful about the size of the remote control. If we are going to add a speech interface, I'm not sure with trendy slim size of the remote control it would be able to put a speech recog if you want to put a speech recognition system f interface for that I think the T_V_ itself could have it. And I could talk to the T_V_ television itself. I need not have an I mean we have some or something, different technology but Mm-hmm, yeah. And another interesting idea for this would be to have an light adaptation system depending upon the picture of So, I mean, if you're watching a movie and suddenly there is a dark uh some dark scene, the lights adapt themself. The lighting in the room changes. I mean, we have a option in the remote control. If we want to have that option, you press that button in the remote. Oh, I'm afraid you forgot to put your lapel. The lapel. Yeah, that one. Just plug it. Yeah, that's right.
Hmm. Good morning. Mm. B did you send us an email about this? Yeah, we we received an email about this uh d designs. Ah it's Okay. Yeah, you see the email? You email. The v very no, no the first one. It's inside. No, no. The third one. Oh, you didn't get anything. It's strange. Mm. I got an email about the dis about the discussion. Yeah. I dunno from who. From the account manager. You have received the same email, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so each of us has a role to do. In each We already have our role. 'Kay, we can So there are three kinds of designs, that's all. Okay, alright. Yeah, yeah. I'm doing the interface. Are you using the you are doing the in Ah Okay. Mm? Um working on i. User interface. Yes. You see the second mail? Yeah, it's inside. Go down. Appendix. See there's a role for everybody. Even for the marketing. But look at your role, your marketing role. Yeah, that's your role. Mm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Need to collect information. Um. I I'm part of design, perhaps. Uh, what is most important in a in a remote control? What is the most important function aspect? Uh. That's alright. Yeah, it should be easy to work with. Yeah. Uh. We maybe you can have a speech uh recognition interface. You just tell the television I want which channel. Or or you can say for example, um I want uh to list all the programme tonight. Y you know, instead of uh remote control it's doing the some searching for you, so you don't have to look for the channel you want. Just say maybe I just want to press I wanna have a button for all the movies tonight. Or a button for all the magazines, all the information documentary tonight. And then you list a few, and I will choose from the list. So instead of pressing the channel number, I am choosing the programmes directly. Yeah, that's one way of uh making it useful. No, because no, it's not very a lot. Th this information exists. For example you can get um You can use uh well for example anything. The the idea of using speech to reduce the button, but uh and it's more natural. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, possible. Yeah. But Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But th the main idea I wanted to s I wanted to say is that um there should be a function, instead of choosing the ch T_V_ channel, there's a option you can choose, either T_V_ channels or or pr or the or the contain or the contents of the programme. So it's more powerful. Yeah. No. No, because you see now all the T_V_ programmes are available on the webs. They they are they are they are available in X_M_L_ format or whatever the format. We don't care. We just say that this are some content. We just want to retrieve the content and then classi sort them by the types of programmes. Some of the websites they already provide this service, so we can just use the service available. Download it uh to the to this remote control. And then there's there are only six buttons for six categories, or sev seven. The most there are only seven buttons. So I just choose the category one and you reuse the same button, for example to to choose among the the sorted list the programme you want, so you don't have to choose among hundred channels, if you have hundred channels, you just have six buttons, seven buttons. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Ah, yes. So. Yeah. Yeah, so you don't have to display here, just display on the T_V_ screen, right? Good idea. Okay. I think I think that will be revol revolutionary. Because all the T_V_ uh the the remote control have all numbers, lots of buttons and then you dunno what to choose in the end. Yeah. Alright. Okay. Ah w w we have sometimes to use the white-board. Five minutes. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but we are designing just remote control. Okay. Okay, do you want to have a conceptual remote control there, or you just want to put the function in? Go on, draw something. Mm. Where is it? Ah, okay. Where where is it? Here. Mm. Mm. Okay, alright. So so the most functional des mm the most important function is to ch choo buttons to choose the content. Right? We agree on that, right? Uh, uh first one is to uh buttons i or it could be anything with buttons. Uh to choose uh content s or channels. So we have both. The user can choose w which one they want, right? By content or by channel. Choose by contents or by channels. So And then what did we say just now? Other than this. Okay, so technically how the problems that how to do it is to how to get the content. Challenge. Okay. Content. Okay, so these we have to work it out. So this one of the problem. And uh The main thing. Okay. Alright. Alright, okay. So we are we'll discuss it we will get some information in the next meeting, so for now we get uh the funct this is the functional designer? That's the first aspect. Right. We will get information and then we'll come back in.. Yeah, we'll come. Alright. Alright, okay. Thank you, mis
Good morning everybody. So, we are asked to to make uh uh a new remote control for television. And the characteristics of this new remote control should be original and trendy and of course user user friendly. So people can can use it without any any problem.. I don't know. Uh, not yet, but if you want Do you want do you want me to send you a mail? Or Uh. You get email,. S For each for each one. So there are so we have three f yeah. We have functional design, conceptual design, and detail design. So, who will be the the responsible for the functional design? Any any volunteer? You are doing th. Okay, I'll for industrial design. Okay. And and you Norman? And And doing the marketing. Nothing related here to the Next. I don't know. I. About the design or Maybe we'll discuss this later, no? Mm-hmm. What we we have to keep in mind the these characteristics. And of course it should not be very costly. So About the about what? You mean the external or Yeah of g of course. Yeah. You won't I I think if we include a lot of technology on the remote control it will be very costly. S Like s uh you you you say we can use speech. In the hand. Yeah. Except if if you are far from the T_V_. This is it's Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah we should also optimise the the number of buttons. This is good idea. So we have five minutes to Ah you can y you can you can use it if you so, can we S You it. Yeah. If if you you you can if you want you can use th the. Or before the before the the design that says. Norman. Be before before writing you can uh sit and that says what we what we said then after that you can you can use the. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm. Okay. So maybe we'll meet in maybe five minutes? And we'll discuss the other other aspects. Okay. Well thank you all.
";The Project Manager introduced the project to the group. The group set an agenda for the meeting and discussed the materials sent to them by the Account Manager. They discussed and explained their roles in the project. The group began a discussion about their initial ideas for the product. They discussed several usability features: adding speech recognition and an option to choose what to watch by channel or by content, reducing the number of buttons by using the television screen to display options, and adding a light adaptation system. All participants were instructed to gather more information for the next meeting, the functional design meeting. 
"So we come again for the the second meeting. Uh for the aim of this meeting now is to to make presentation about uh the work for each one. And take the the decision about the the design and the functionality of the the remote control. And we have think I got a new project requirement. So I think uh teletext becomes outdated. So the popularity of the since the popularity of the internet, and I think we don't need lighting adaptive, so the remote control should be only used for the the television. And of course we should have our image in the in the design. So, let's start with the the industrial designer.. Or y you can use the whiteboard if you want. Here. Oh okay. This one. Do you want to open Ah. Wow. This. You can i yeah. Ma Yeah we can change the b. Yeah. Um. It's mine. Participant one, no? Mm. Oh we have so let's move to to user interface design. Participant During the weekend. That's good. Mm-hmm. This are usual functionality. Tasks. And they are small. Mm-hmm. Yeah. What do you mean by the pa pa processing will be done on the T_V_ than the So we should have specific T_V_? Or? We can use this. Yeah, we don't Yeah, I think so. J j just the remote control. Mm. Yeah, we. Yeah. Speech recognition. Keep the navigation but. So you are Mm. How the this remote? Yeah, of course small. Participant four. So Harry. Mm-hmm. But do you think what they sug suggested s possibility. Yeah. It Yeah. But is it useful or not u I don't know. There is in the Mm. I think i If it's necessary can you can do that. We can integrate small microphone in the remote so it's not really a problem. What about lighting adaptive options? According to the re to the new requirements I think we don't need that. Yeah. Mm. So we have I think we have s still we have couple of minutes. Mm-mm. So any things to to discuss? Or any suggestions? Expensive. Price. I think we we can we is the. Yeah. So you have to anticipate the the future?. In future. Okay. So let's go for the the lunch break, and we will meet after.
Just go to explorer. Or open. Participant two. Open uh. Slide show, view slide show,. One is a communication. Gateway arrays. It's a field programmable gateway arrays. Yeah. Or it's something like isn't hardware the first one? And the second one is for the software. Yeah to run th to make it run. That's it. No. Okay, and how about the battery power? Uh you mean that battery would be somewhere there and the remote contro the power to the battery comes through infrared? Into the more compact and uh okay,. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's right. Having a charger rather than putting the battery cells always. People don't like it to have to buy the batteries when they run out. We just make a small charger and put it Bu Our remote, we do not want to make it P_D_A_. G Yeah, not the T_V_s. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Oh, but you have a catch there, um assume that um if you want to go to if you are watching channel two and if you want to go to channel ninety nine, then. Uh-huh huh huh huh. Mm-hmm hmm hmm. But Yeah then yeah that's right. Mm hmm hmm. Okay. Okay. too small that it goes under the sofa and we can't find it. Yeah, that's. just give it a name and we call him. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Okay, after having the inputs from industrial design and user interface, I think most of the points which I want to are already covered here. And to find the most interesting features what the users would be interested, then what we have done is we have put a feedback forms in all the magazines, and the users send the feedbacks, and based on that These are the findings which we got and yeah adding of a speech interface is always good for a T_V_ remote but the technology We already know that as discussed earlier An it does how feasible it is. Oh we can put an limited vocabulary as in the mobile phones. We just have the it's not going to take much space also. It's going to be very slim. And next one was the size of the remote control. It has to be of course a very slim and small one. And of course most of the people are interested in if it's less expensive, so this is an important criteria here is I mean we have to look for a trade-off. The features and the cost. Little bit more if it's with extra features. Okay. Yeah, yeah. That's right. I mean, for a lazy guys they could say nine and the nine channel comes. Or they say movie name or I don't go for movie names but only for the numbers on the channel, or volume up, volume down, brightness, contrast. So, I think this should be a good idea, to put this features. And the fourth one was the teletext in various languages. Mm, I think Yeah as discussed in the earlier meeting, but I think uh not much people are really interested in this point if it's not really required. I mean I mean yeah, it's for the um industrial design and users interface designers to decide if it's going to be working or not. I think I think as I discussed th that four points would be good for um marketing. The speech interface and uh less uh reasonable uh cost. And the lighting adaptation and the teletext. And regarding the teletext uh these are the subtitl these are the text information which you got on the televisions. If you are watching an foreign movie, you get subtitles sometimes. And uh if you are a French guy watching an English movie you would like to have it in French. And if I am a German then I would like to have the my options in German. So, the remote it should have some it should give me some flexibility of choosing the ch languages. That should be a good uh point. We already have some. Yeah, that's right. Yeah,. Okay, thank you.
Okay. Okay. Yeah, alright. So uh Well I have a PowerPoint pr presentation stored in my in my personal folder so I I I think you can reach it from here. Participant two. Yeah. Uh open. Right, so um I will talk about the the w working design and And um well I I will present my my first idea on how to build the our new remote control for television. So uh can you go one page down, please. So I think the first things to do is to define the hardware components neededs to achieve uh what we want to do. So uh mm I'm thin uh I think uh I I'll do a survey about what is uh what is available on the market and what what is the the cheapest possible things we hav we can use. Then uh I will try with the technical team to to build a prototype and to see uh with uh h how this little box would uh look look like. And how an and we can uh start troubleshooting first uh com communication problems or things like that. And when we are ready with this first prototype I I think we can add some software functionalities on a programmable chip like browsing by content or um things like that. Okay so can you go down uh So, wha what I think for now is we don't want to have a remote control w which is wired so uh I think we u we can use a battery for the. Then two programmable chips for both software functionalities and communication. And the communication with the T_V_ set is uh made through uh infrared communication So uh this is the the schema of the o of the future uh remote controls so uh you can you can see the components, uh battery and uh the two chips goes to the infrared uh connection to the T_V_ set. The one on top is for the um well the functionali the functionalities and the the th red um sorry the green one is is to well, putting things together, um f transform the data into uh qu into the format to to uh to communicate with the T_V_ set. And, that's it. I think we should use a F_P_G_A_ for for the functionalities which is easy to to t It's field programmable uh something array. Yeah. Well, uh a F_P_G_A_ is just a chip you can uh you can pr programme it uh wi with wh whatever you want. And uh well the Bluetooth chip is just responsible to uh make the communication uh between uh the two devices. No. Well, th the F_P_G_A_ will produce the the data to send. Yeah. Yeah. Alright and that's it for the working design. So if you have any questions? Uh no no no no, I think uh we have uh to to uh have uh embedded uh b batteries in in the yeah into the t. Yeah, yeah. And uh I I don't think it will need um very uh much power to make it run, so Yeah. It's a good idea. Yeah. That's a good idea. Also, but but I I I think uh the the goal is to sell our remote control. S okay, so charger for is the. Yeah. Of course. So we have to t We have to sell a T_V_ with the remote control too. I think there there is there is al there there is a a technology like show view who is already available on most of the T_V_ set on recorders or thing like that and we can try t to get this information on to the remote control to to do the processing on the remote control because Yes, that's a good idea, I think. We d we don't we we don't need really much buttons to i if we have a screen to navigate on on the T_V_ so uh Well, f four five buttons, it's sufficient. It's easy to build, it does not consume much power. Well, then y you you go to the main menu and uh you have uh go to channel and then uh you can Yeah. Maybe you. but uh I I think i i if you if you want to to make uh well a a big jump but uh well you you have to to have a a a device when you could you could Well, not a mouse but uh something that that says more clearly that uh right, left, up, down, well, the to have the ability to to to write something to the navigator, maybe directly, or So, we can think of buttons like in the telephone to send messages or things like that. But we'll see. Okay, so uh next presentation Mm. Well I I think it will be a, yes, a bit complicated to um make a speech recognisers runs on the small uh ts Yeah. And this can allow to choose the the program, for instance without uh adding uh buttons so it's a good idea. Yeah. Yeah, s s speech is a important extra feature I think Well, uh Well, we are we we just have to find a mean how to to add a m a a a microphone or uh well yes a microphone into the the remote control, so I well it will be alright. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I think it's a bit complex too For our next product, our new T_V_ set with uh automatical uh sound adjustment light. Function. Yeah, but well what about the the new project's requirement? I I I think we should give up with teletext, no? Yes. Well, so maybe we we can j we can already think uh about a way to to access the internet via the television. Because if Yeah, but uh we can think that in a few years there will be T_V_ set that can access the internet. So it's a good idea if i i if we i if if we uh think about how to to to build up our remote uh control w with this functionality in a w which will c which will come in a few years. So if we already have it in our remote control Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, to desi well, not not to implement it, but to well, to find a way to to add to add this functionality in a yeah, in an in an easy manner, if is possible. Yeah, yeah. Okay. So Okay, thank you.
Mm-hmm. Okay. Because it's open you mean. F_ five. Did you draw it? This. What is the other chip for? The one on top. For men. To the in Okay. Mm. What is F_P_G_A_? So why's it how is it different from the Bluetooth? Yeah. Programme it. Okay. Yeah. Uh So this are the they have to work together? Or? Do they have to work together or two separate choice Okay. Is the is the software par alri okay. Okay, okay. So you can control if you want, right? Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. You can put it on the charger when uh you when you don't need to use it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Uh mm. Y yeah, yeah. Because you are using because you are using Bluetooth, if some people have P_D_A_ they can use their P_D_A_ to control the T_V_ if they want to, right? I dunno. So is mine. Oh. Yeah, this your Yeah. So you can open uh three. Yeah. So So I'm working on the technical functions design. can you show the next slide. So the the purpose is to to find uh the important questions to ask is what effect should the apparatus have. So so I found on a webs on the internet yeah. I spent a lot of time searching and uh and I found that uh the function of remote control is to send messages to television set. For example switch on, switch off, switch the next channel and so on and so on. So I found two very good prototypes for for this interface from our competitors so can you Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ours is a bit uh different. So these are two example. One is from the other one is from, yeah, uh engineering centr yeah. This is the most competing prototypes I've found. But then uh loo but then I found if you look at you see on the left one there are too many buttons Yeah. O on the right I tried to play with the problem is that uh if I have hundred channels I have uh I have to choo press the other button to choose the hundred channels and I have to compose the number so it's very lousy. So you so you move to the next the next one. Yeah, so I talk about the problem. And then I I look at the user manual they are a hundred pages thick, so we don't want that. So I propose the easy to use uh prototype. You can navigate on T_V_ screen and we can the user's preference and we need to have the T_V_ connected to internet so we end in order to access the T_V_ programmes by X_M_L_ and we need some to do some preprocessing. From the technical aspect, the processing should be done on the T_V_ set than on the on the remote controller, right? And then we the speech recognition as uh Harry says we may just put in we may K_I_V_. Yeah, all the processing is done the T_V_ is a compu has some processing power the Yeah. Yeah because are you just wondering what controller okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So i the processing on on the remote controller so it can u be used in any T_V_, any conventional T_V_ sets? Mm. Okay. N yeah, that's all. The next one? So I come up with a simple design, just keep the v navigation buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Okay, that's all. Mm. Mm. No, because you choose by channel, so you choose by T_V_ program so you don't have hundred channels to choose from. If you go by channel, you don't have to do that. Ah. Ah, a big jump. A mouse or Yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Uh it's gonna be small. Yeah. So it'll beep if you wanna find it you just uh shout y h just it just has to re respond to you when you look for the device. I dunno how bu And responds to you, and I- mm. But I think if you to recognise numbers it's a well-studied problem. I if you just recognise uh numbers is a limited you have limited vocabulary Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. But Mm. Yeah. I no I I think that uh i if we go for quality people may tolerate for high quality and of course comes with uh reasonable cost. Maybe not less, but they may be willing to pay little bit more for comfort, yeah, extra features. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. What is the teletext? Mm. It is interesting but we are only concerned with the remote controller. So you need s special T_V_ sets to do that? Or it's it's done via this remote controller? It's very complex. Mm. Yeah, then we can conclude that. Yeah. Yeah, but it's quite possible but maybe not in this project. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Mm. Mm. Using the T_V_ to access the internet? Or what? I didn't quite understand Yeah, okay. Yeah. The future demand, market demand. The functionality in the future. Alright. Yeah. Because all the T_V_ sets will be digital, right. All the programmes, everything will be in digital than analog. Th the system will change and we have to anticipate for those change. Okay. Thank you.
";The Project Manager presented the goals of the meeting and new product requirements. The Industrial Designer presented the internal components of a remote control and showed a diagram of how they operate together. He suggested that field programmable gateway arrays be used for the chip controlling software functionalities, and it was suggested that the remote be used with a recharging stand. The User Interface Designer gave a presentation on the technical functions of the remote, and displayed the interfaces of two existing products for comparison. He showed that the competitors' remotes were too complicated. He suggested that the televisions that the remotes are used with connect to the internet to access downloadable programs. He suggested a simple design with few buttons, small size, and a locator function. The Marketing Expert presented several characteristics important to users. He discussed using speech recognition and ways to make it feasible for the project, small size, low price point, and incorporating teletext in different languages. The group discussed the new requirement that required them to omit teletext from their design, and discussed the possibility of using the remote to access the internet through the television. 
"Yeah. Yeah. Oh. But people are often enough looking at the help, once they see the help button they say oh this is a complicated stuff. It's a psychology. Okay. And let us see what the market demands. We could just go to my presentation. Yeah that's right. I mean it just showed us the remote with an cap which could be used for kids and if you remove the Same remote with some Both yeah. And then we can decide what what we can yeah. So we just made an marketing survey of what people need from our remotes and how it could be special from the other remotes. And we got the best on the responses from the questionnaires. Uh we also have some prizes for the most creative solutions. And we found the following solutions which we could which would be helpful for our design. So seventy percent of the users, they find their remote controls very ugly, they don't find it pleasant to use in the size or usage or anything. And eighty percent of the people they are always l I mean they are willing to spend more money if the remote control would look fancy. And the current remote controls do not match well the operating behaviour of the user. And seventy five percent of the users said they zap a lot. And fifty percent say they use only ten percent of the buttons, so the rest of the ninety percent of the buttons they're not used most of the times. So this were the findings which we found. And also they cited frustrations with the present remote controls. Most of fifty percent of the time the remote controls are lost somewhere in the room and people are always searching for them rather than watching the T_V_. And by the time they found the remote control the program is finished. So they're frustrated a lot And um if the remote control is too complicated it takes much time to learn the functionality of it. So you can just see the percentage, fifty percent people they responded that they always lose their remotes and thirty four percent they say that it's quite difficult to learn if it's too complex. So keeping in view all these findings and the frustrations I think this should be the solution for them. We should have an L_C_D_ on the rem remote control. Mm-hmm? I mean as our survey says that people are willing to pay more if their remotes are fancy. So if we have a L_C_D_ on the remote, rather than looking onto the T_V_ you just look into a remote and navigate it. It's the same menu as we have saw that iPod remote control. We just play around Yeah. Yeah. I mean this were the points which we got from the market demands. So the other one Yeah that's fine. Yeah. I mean that's Mm-hmm. Uh yeah we have uh I mean that should be found out by the Industrial Designers. And it's always good to have an voice recognition for the remote controls. Yeah it's o only for a limited vocabulary, say eighty commands or so. Mm, the scroll button, from the survey we never see that people would like to have some scrolling button. Because they they just they're just frightened to use the scrollings or help button. Yeah. They're not used much. Or it could be like this, as the people say, if they have a L_C_D_ on the remote not on the television. Because when you have the L_C_D_ onto the television screen you miss the picture in the background, we are most focused on the commands. So if you have then L_C_D_ in the remote, you just have a menu, and increasing and lower these signs here to change the programs and this menu when you press the menu, in the L_C_D_ displays as you go on pressing the menu it faster displays volume, then the program, then the brightness, contrast and all the stuff. And accordingly you can just increase or decrease. Yeah that has to be checked out. Yeah. Okay. I mean, better if we could just check all the cost with L_C_D_ and also with the speech recognition. And then we could find which would would be a more suitable in this case. And the third problem was to find the remote control. Always, so fifty percent of the people say they lose the remotes. So Yeah that's right, that's exactly what I mean by voice commander. Or it could be also something like this, uh it's always boring to change the batteries of the remotes control, so we have some one charger there and whenever we don't use the remote control we put it in the charger. And when we're using that t remote and if we misplace somewhere, in the charger we have a small button, and just by pressing the button in the charger the uh remote control beeps, wherever it is. I mean it doe it also doesn't require a voice command, because there are problems with a voice command. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean charger would be fixed because it's always with electricity plugged. Yeah that's right. It's an good reminder, yeah that's right. And of course the final point is a fancy look. As we have seen earlier the remotes which were displayed by Norman they weren't fancy, I mean mm very big or something with lot of buttons. I think we should have something it I mean uh I mean uh I mean uh you see if it's like that even a kid who wants to have a control he could just plug it and use it, you can't avoid him. But you can have an button for child lock. So just by pressing the button with some code, you t you put a lock onto the remote, so that he can't use even Mm uh That's right. I think these other four points they're the market demands and so it's for the user interface design and industrial design to just think Yeah I think it should be clearer for us in the next meeting that th uh these could be included. No, we have a problem there. You see uh if you have a voice commands and you are s you are watching a score on uh basketball score or something, and if the score comes twenty four thirty five, you've just say twenty five and suddenly the screen the channel goes to twenty five. So I think there should be a prefix to some numbers I mean the the you just check all the probability that saying T_V_ twenty five and just ordinary twenty five. Ordinary twenty five you almost there's a probability of being said around sixty seventy percent and T_V_ twenty five I dunno it will be round about one or two percent. So it's better to have some prefix before the number. Yeah something, some code. That will be too big. And it will be difficult for the vocabulary also. Als might be you just forgot the channel name, you kno only know the number. Then Yeah, the. Yeah yeah,. Yeah. A and in the same lines we would have a one more problem. If we are using the television in the different environments, say in the factories or in the shops where there is a lot of noise and this voice commands if they fail to work, that would bring a bad name bad uh reputation for our company. So I think we should specify some pre-requirements if we want to use a voice commands, say that it should be used in an silent homely environment or s something. Yeah that's right that should be an option. I think these are the practical problems. So we need to take care of them in the design. Okay. Oh it came there on three minutes back so we are I think we can just press the okay. Okay. See you another thirty minutes.
Okay so I think I will do my presentation on the components concept so can you please uh open uh I'm participant two. Components design. Okay so uh the first thing uh I have done is to to made a review together with the uh manufactural uh department and have which components was uh available to build a remote control. So for energy sources we have we have to choose between the solar energy, hand dynamo and uh kinetic um well uh kinetic uh technique to to store the energy. We also um we also can put a regular battery in the in the remote control. Now Yeah b uh f well uh I meant uh by by battery I meant uh I will not have a uh a wire between the remote control and the energy source but uh I didn't fou we didn't decide yet which kind of battery we will put inside the the remote. So uh it's a point to discuss. Then uh the case material we have uh uh also several choices, like wood, rubber, titanium or latex. But uh well it's not a a re uh well a real issue for the from the technical uh point of view. Concerning the interface uh we can we can put mm just simple buttons or scrolls or buttons uh much more complicated, but it also requires that the chip to process the button is more complicated so. And uh this is the last point, the choice of chips. So what I have f found is that I think basic battery or kinetic uh energy uh collection is the is the better way to provide energy because I think solar energy wi won't work in a cluttered uh uh environment. So um so I think we can start with these two main things. For the case uh well uh I think that uh titanium is um is a good choice because it's trendy and it's uh it's uh well it's modern and uh user are are are mm will be uh very happy to have a a a nice remote. For the interface uh I think that we can ach achieve uh all the desired functionalities by s just uh using uh rubber buttons, simple buttons and th thus this allow to use a regular chip that are uh well cheaper. And s so uh we can move to the next slide. Yeah. Well uh uh i i it's uh it's the the shape of the um of the remote. You you will have the well um the the curve will fit into your hand when you grab the Yeah. It's more confog f comfortable that if these uh it's completely flat. Yeah the um that's the point. The kinetic one is uh y you can recharge uh by the um Yeah and by well by just by moving the ar uh your arm the mm well the remote will uh accumulate energy. But I d I don't know it's if it is feasible because I don't know if yet if if the user will move enough to provide the remote um all the necessary energy. Yeah. And yeah and so can you go to the next slide please. So and uh that's uh that summarize well what I have said. So uh you're right we can uh see in our uh R_ and D_ uh if the kinetic metal is sufficient to provide enough energy. That's it. Oh yeah I take care, it's all right. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm mm mm. Yeah fine. Yeah. S a good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but uh as Norman say if uh there is uh already a commercial product available who t who do this we we can check uh to integrate it i into our uh new remote control. Yeah yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Well I I think you it's it's it's fine you have uh reviewed all all the possibilities but uh uh well uh i if we consider that uh the user interface is displayed on the T_V_ screen I don't think we nee uh we need much buttons in the remote since we we just have to navigate and to have a okay or enter key or things like that, because uh adding wheels or scrolls uh makes the thing more complicated and more expensive also, so. Yeah. That's a good idea. To have a help button. Yeah. On the T_V_ screen. On the T_V_ screen the uh how to use your remote. Uh yeah. In a marketing point of view. But uh wel well I think Uh well. So le le let's see what uh what people want. Yeah. Yeah. Mm, the functionalities yeah. Yeah. Well mm w well I I I don't really see the advantage of having uh L_C_D_ on the on the remote control if we have a a a big screen and uh display on the screen. It's yeah of course it's fancy trendy and so on but it's it's expensive to produce and it's not really Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah but when you play with the iPod you don't have a big screen in front of you, s Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. So I th I I well I think we we can focus on the uh on the fancy look on the uh on the speech recognition if the technology is available but well I think L_C_D_ will uh will uh make us spend a lot of money for not so big results. So price of uh L_C_D_ display. And Yeah. Yeah okay. And Well uh compared to the to s the simpl simpler simplest button. Yeah. Yeah I think that Yeah I I I think that uh well uh as we have seen in the in the presentation uh well uh about uh uh fifty percent of the of the percent n choose the button so uh I think to have uh five uh simple button is sufficient for our functionality. Yeah. But But the uh the thing is is i is that we can add a functionality on the on the T_V_ screen like uh a a list of function and then you choose with the with the button to well you navigate and you Yeah. But if i i if we if we could have a a a display uh g a user interface that is very complete on the T_V_ screen I think that just five buttons are sufficient, one to go up left right down and uh enter and you you you just select the functionality you want to access or things like that. You don't have to to switch to a channel to another uh Yeah but Yeah but if you look at the L_C_D_ you you don't look at the T_V_ screen so i i it's not really worth to get to have the image if you don't look at, so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well so we we can think about a well a a vocal command like uh find and when the remote control uh hears fine well yeah just uh to make him beep or t Yeah. Yeah. Put Yeah. And that's a good idea, that's simple, like in phones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah if there if there uh there is nuff not enough battery. Also and uh uh the remote is lost. Yeah. Okay. They were ugly. They Well the last one with the um yeah with the two parts was uh original, so Yeah. Yeah. Well we can think about uh having uh on the on the on the user interface when you switch on the T_V_ you can uh well write a code or choose a category, if it is kids, uh things like that. So for mm yeah. So for my part I will check the prices the um the prices difference uh of what to use, where to use, and s uh and so on. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think we can we can have just numbers for channels and you can say to your remote control like uh sports and then on the T_V_ you have a list with with uh uh well with sports program playing now and and uh That's right, yeah, yeah. Well but well e every possible word uh has a probability to come about of the T_V_ so. Yeah yeah. Yeah but well okay. Yeah yeah. Mm mm. Well I Yeah. Well I uh I also I I also think about uh another problem, if if there is uh more than one person who is watching T_V_ the s well the the speech uh r recogniser should be able to distinguish between the two. Because uh I remember when I was a young child with my sister we yeah we always want to w to watch different emission at the at the same time so it's a pr it could be a problem if uh if well if someone passes by when you are watching T_V_ and say oh T_V_ thirty and just run, s Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's well I think that's a good uh a good option because it's simple and uh simple to implement also, so. Okay. Okay. So I see ya.
Mm. Mm. Mm. Sorry. What is this single curved what does it mean? So it's it's not Yo l yeah. When you hold on it, it is comfortable to hold. Okay. Yeah. And the battery, is it kind of a rechargeable or it doesn't matter? That that's what it means by kinetic. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. We we might check with our R_ and D_ department to see if they have this product ready for market. Mm mm. Wha Ah the department. Mm. Uh So I um keep in touch with the R_ and D_ department. So the titanium case is the normal case that I'll show you some pictures that I have and you tell me whether they are titanium case or not. 'Cause I am not very sure, plastic, titanium or whatever. There's another point I want to make, is that the uh well you've seen them I le na my presentation that um I point out some why buttons are not the mm not the only ways you can use Yeah. Yeah, maybe n Yeah. So the user interface is uh i it uses the aspect uh of a computer system, a programme which can be seen or heard or otherwise perceived by the human user and the commands and mechanism the user uses to control its operation and input data. So you s this gives you the ways to input data and we have uh we are more we emphasise more on the graphical user interface here. The idea is to represent buttons as figures, diagrams, symbols and on so you you can easily when you look at the symbols you understand what it is doing. Yeah. Yeah. So. Ea easy to use. So next one. function five. So I can use the button, the mouse maybe. Yeah. So next line. So the here are some examples. So they cluster the buttons together. They group them into col they colour them and uh they have different forms as well. Mm but this interface are kind of confusing. Uh basically there are too many buttons. Right. Next one. So some people are propose voice recognition and so ah by the way I receive an email from the from one our departments saying that the voice recognition has been used in the coffee machine for this by a company when you tell the you say good morning coffee machine and the machine are reply to you. So I just got an email saying that. And it seems like this voice recognition technology is ready to be used so we might consider that, supposedly. The next one. Mm so somebody some people use uh some people use a spinning wheel th with the L_C_ display so instead of using the mm buttons you have a L_C_D_ screen and then there you can u you can use that as buttons, you can use that as real so so that could be an option as well. Touch screen, I mean. Next one. And some people propose a scroll button. Integrated with push buttons or you may have scroll button instead of p just the push button. Like the one we have here. Uh, next one. So mm so there are a few aspects that I collected here. So s basically this deals with special users, children, handicapped people, old people, and uh mm and prog basically they are programmable, specially for children. And uh mm yeah yeah. And then they also secure uh covers, to protect uh secure and hidden programming and battery covers that will protect your settings. So But we don't have to integrate all these complicated features. I'm just saying that the currently in the market there are there are control there are remote controllers f customisable for different people. Yeah, so that's the point. The next one. And uh you see this is the one where you have the protection cover. Mm maybe useful for children, they migh you you they only see the buttons outside. And for adults wh where you have more control you can see the one inside. So the adults might wanna have a key to lock that to pr so children will not touch the button inside. Yeah. The next one. So this guy this is another company that provides big buttons. At I see that that is useful for old people and then you don't get it lost. But for our product we don't need a big one because you have voice recognition e eventually with use. And you can call your remote controller if you don't know where it is. T_V_ remote controller where are you? And then, he will beeps and to say that I am here, for example. Is it possible? Uh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And uh, this is another one where you can uh the the the part that's a V_ standing for the volume. So there's a up arrow and a down arrow. But you the see that in the V_, the V_ appears to be the down arrow on the top on the top up arrow if you up arrow there's a V_ like as as if it's turning down so it's confusing interface, so I wanna avoid this kind of thing in the design. And here are is uh here is a s short summary that I summary that I compiled after the findings I found. Big buttons are convenient, voice recognition helps, push buttons, scroll buttons, spinning wheels can be used as navigation tools. And uh user customisable is important and finally simplicity simplicity is the key. Yeah. So we have many concepts there but we have to choose later on which ones are important to be used. And basically uh Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Okay. A help button. So you are display on the screen. So on the T_V_ screen. Okay. Okay. Okay. So that eliminates all the complicated documentation, okay. So wi Yeah. Mm. Mm. Well uh what I s propose is that uh you know a remote controller, i it could be a cube, is uh a small device that uh looks like a cube and maybe you can just change the um the buttons, if you ch turn one side you get one one buttons, you turn the other side you get the other buttons, so for maybe new generation people who get used to the computer they want lots of controls. Small Yeah. Let's see the market demand. What what market yes yes. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Mm. Oh. Big screen. Yeah. Mm yeah. Mm. The thing Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you re-use the existing screen, we element eliminate the L_C_D_, after all the L_C_D_ just to display and if you have the colourful screen you can make the display colourful, fancy, as fancy as the one on the L_C_D_, maybe even better. So Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. More on a fancy design. Yeah. Mm. Remember we have a s budget for the cost of producing the remote controller. Yeah. So i is so the thing is you can find out how much an L_C_D_ will cost and then we'll decide again. Uh maybe you can find out the price and tell us next time. Is i if i Yeah. Yeah. And also the cost for the speech recognition. Ask our R_ and D_ department. Yeah. Yeah. And ho Yeah. And also the scroller button, how much will it cost. Yeah. Don't use the buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Important. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, yeah. So so the at most more power uh. Yep. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. I if Mm. Mm. Yeah. I think that there's no contradiction here, because if there are few buttons, you don't have to look at your your controller any more because you know where the buttons are, so if you wanna control the screen d sh sharpness you just say sharpness and then you t turn you just press lef increase or decrease button and the same for the volume and the channel, if you had the speech recognition there you just shout your channel, just tell your channel and then you don't even have to look at the butto at the controller so finally that wil eliminates the the need for L_C_D_, with the help of speech recogniser you can Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. A and Mm. Where, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Put it back at the charge. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Th yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. There's mm. Mm. Yeah. That we can what we can do is we can program a function whereby when you press the switch off T_V_ button, the off button, the remote there be s uh instruction on the screen, please charge charge me. You never get it lost because uh every time you're off the computer the T_V_ you are asked the the command the T_V_ com remote controller would tell you to put it back to where to the charger. Yeah. So you will never get lost yeah. Yeah. Yeah because everything is programmed inside. So it's it's uh it's all about strategy, y Mm. Mm. Yeah, yeah. With uh two two two parts controller. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. these are probl yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. I think we need to define also a s the set of vocabularies for the speech recogniser because uh if you want uh say we can sort by channels or sort by T_V_ programs, you have to decide a category of vocabularies for them. If numbers, they're easy, but if name the channel by by name Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Mm. But I I I think that the user would like wou would like to associate the channel or call the channel rather than than the numbers. You say numbe channel number five of the T_V_ correspond to something else in the channel. So some people may want to say, I want to see this channel. Yeah. Check with the v R_ and D_ department the capability of recogniser. Uh? Well, it's convenient for the user. The uh uh mm. Mm. I I think that I have mm mm I think there's another way you can do is that uh you can uh if when the user ch press a button to choose the channel for example, then what you can do is that the you can make the T_V_ screen to split them into small little little squares of images where you you you have a snapshot of every channel, so let's say it's a four by four matrix of the images, so now what you do is f looking at the all the sixteen channels available at one time, you just use the control button uh, you just you you just choose the the option you want and then you just hit the button and then you go to that channel. So Mm. So you you don't use the speech recogniser in that way. Oh, okay. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, I wanna watch this, I wanna watch that. Mm. Mm. Mm. Hmm. Well, you you stay a five minutes.
So we come to the third meetings. I have good. Um so in the last meeting we have discussed the functional design and now we will talk about the conceptual design. So we will talk about some specific details. This Uh this is what we have decided in the last meeting. But if we use battery We will, okay. Three. What's the function of this button. I think it makes the the interface really Graphical user interface. A graphical user interface emphasise the use of pictures. Yeah. Mm-hmm. We should include speech synthesis in this case, no? Mm-hmm. Or maybe we can include the user manual in the in the remote control and we should have just a button like help and you say uh and you ik you press the button help and maybe you see the the user m might in the in the T_V_. Yeah. On T_V_ T_V_ screen. So just you push the button and we will Yeah. If the if No In the case where they need help, in the case where they need help. Yeah. It's just for user customizable, for kids or old people. So So it's the same Can be used by both kids and old people. Maybe for kids, kids they like uh t no l they like to Yeah. Mm-hmm. You can use this screen instead of the big se screen, instead of use the yeah. Hmm. But Yeah. Mm. It's for it's just for small vocabulary. We it's not yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Push push. It doesn't mean that the other buttons are not necessary or important. But they are just less used compar yeah. Or maybe we can u uh or maybe we can uh make this the ten percent of button more bigger than the others. So. Mm. It's And I think it's increases the cost of the the remote control if you use L_C_D_. I You will listen to a peep, special peep. Okay. Yeah. But you don't you don't have to move the the charger. You have to keep it. Okay. Maybe for some people lazy people. Yeah yeah. Mm. Or Or maybe you have to to show some specific programmes for kids and then just just yeah just push uh kids button so it's automatically. So if he. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah it's yeah. Mm-hmm. Or just It's difficult to to just say the the name of the channel. It will be difficult to say just the name of the channel. Because you have to s t uh a ch yeah but you have to to have all the name of the channel in your vocabulary. Or maybe Or maybe the user can create his own vocabulary, just pronouncing the the name of channels and include in the vocabulary. Or lets the user create his own vocabulary of channel. No. Just you have uh in the beginning you have uh t you have to train you have to create the vocabulary by yourself. By associating each channel with the name or And for each one has his own. Or you have to s Yeah. Mm. Or we can switch on or switch off the the special, yeah. Maybe we'll discuss them in next meeting. It's time to close this meeting. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for your collaborations.
";"The Industrial Designer presented options for each component. He suggested kinetic energy, a titanium case, and rubber push buttons. The group will ask if the kinetic energy component can provide enough energy. The User Interface Designer introduced the graphical user interface to the group and suggested using an LCD screen. He presented several existing products and suggested the following: large buttons; voice recognition; either push, scroll, or spinning buttons; and incorporating some customizable components. The group discussed including a help button; it was decided that it would make the device seem more complicated. The Marketing Expert presented that users found remotes too easily lost, complicated, and ugly. He showed that users were willing to pay more for a fancy remote. He suggested the LCD screen; the group felt that it was better to utilize the user's television as a display screen, but that they would inquire about cost before deciding. The group will inquire about the cost of voice recognition and scroll buttons. The group discussed incorporating a locator function and customization for children. They discussed the sensitivity of the voice recognizer to other noises; the group will ask about the capability of the recognizer. "
"So in last meeting we have discussed the conceptual design and we asked you to prepare a prototype for the for the remote control. So. So let's see the what did you prepare. Sh share folder for th your presentation? Because I have here Okay just one. Why you why you you put it in the the side? It's not a good place maybe. Oh it's very costly, microphone array. How much does it cost this one? Fifteen dollars? Ah it's above it's above the budget. How many b battery is there? Battery. So one one battery? It's kinetic reserve. Mm. I think it's not a good idea because after maybe one or two months of function is getting destroyed. If you Mm-hmm. No four dollars, it's good. And we will we will serve the charger with this? With the remote control. Okay so the price of the charger included in the Mm-hmm. The price should be below twelve and a half Euro. Well that's so We have we have just The price of selling is twenty five Euros. And the price of production That's for this basis function and if you want more you pay more. Yeah. Okay. But Mm-hmm. Titanium. What what's Maybe yeah. What's the price to p to produce? With with with the charge? Okay. We don't have charger. We don't have all the options. Charger we don't have charger here either. No it's it's below the the the budget. It's below the bu the budget. We Yeah. You. And you? Mm-hmm. Uh For L_C_D_. Without L_C_D_. Uh no innovative yeah. So let's remove it. But This is the problem. No it's just if I I see the the f the rate I think it's better to do it without L_C_D_. Because that's with L_C_D_ just will increase the price, and I thi i they have the same rate so without L_C_D_ it will be Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Without L_C_D_. Yeah. What a what what about the sys speech recognition? what about the integration of speech recognition? Ah so it's optional with the okay. I think it will be I think i I think it will be better if we have all these modules in the same remote control, because maybe parents will lose these uh Yeah. Or ma yeah. Or maybe parents they can for forget where they put it or, so mayb better if you have all this in the same Yeah. So you mean that even if these modules will be will be functional uh will be optional. Uh I think it inc increase. I think it i increases. Hmm. And and we we we we we we don't want that. So Project evaluation project satisfaction, for example. I don't know, we have to ask these question. We have to give answers so Project evaluation. Mm-hmm. Yeah I think so. He gave you the liberty to talk as you wants. Uh the teamwork was very very good. I was really I am very satisfying to work with with you. Oh. Less fancy. De Without without L_C_D_, without speech recognition, it will be simple. Yeah free free coffee. Yeah thank you for your work and
Okay. Yeah, so can you go out to the shared folder? Mm the shared folder. Yes. We have a presentation. Uh So I got the participant uh three. W uh. Three. It's the final design, yeah. S so so I discussed with Guillaume. Right. And uh so we have and we we are both agreed on some two versions of the prototypes, because we were no not decided whether we wanted to have an L_C_D_ or not because it's too expensive. So we come up with two versions. One with and one without L_C_D_s. Um but both comes with a charger and then detachable and uh or control module. And detachable big buttons for all people um. So. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. No i i it's the all around camer uh microphone isn't it. The the microphone picks up the speeches from anywhere. Yeah Mm. Yeah yeah. For the Yeah. Mm. Hmm. Is it n the two A_A_s batteries in it. A_A_ rechargeable batteries. Yeah rechargeable batteries. We have the charger so it's no problem. Actually uh it's a flexible thing. You just n uh Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. At uh yeah. I forgot to tell you there is only a single button there, b this button yeah alright. This button is like the mouse is like a joystick, you can move in three hundred and sixty degrees of direction so you can make a turn and it the additi functions associated to all the actions you ma you have a click you have a double click all in a single button. You can move up, down, left, right, or you can do a swing. So a swing to the left, a swing to the right defines other functions. So even though it's a single button, but it is pretty s flexible because of the three hundred and sixty degree movement. Yeah. This is the version y that comes with L_C_D_. Here I present another version without the L_C_D_. Mm. Uh okay this is new prototype uh. Yeah yeah. Mm. Oh no th actually th we'll come to that point in our Yeah. W w I'll I'll come to that point later on. Yeah. Th they either these with the uh the the charger any in either versions you they they ha they use the same charger yeah. Uh it's a standard module so you should get it for a cheap price uh. It's that same charger that you can use for the hand-phone but uh again depends on the types. I think we have to investigate more on that, but Yeah. Yeah but as the Marketing Manager says, people is willing to people are willing to pay more for good design. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah we'll we'll come up to that, the the the thing that makes this the controller cheap is that it is modular so you want more function you pay more. If you want less function i i if you want a reasonable price you pay for the functions that you add on to the system, so is uh modular. Yeah yeah, for example the L_C_D_, you can take it you can put it put it back in, or you can use the other one, or the speech recogniser with the microphone yeah yeah. You want a microphone to put in the speech recogniser you don't wan you pay less for the system you see. So It's pretty flexible in the yeah price. Uh yeah yeah you should present that. Yeah. Yeah Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah the i the idea the the conceptual idea is that simplicity and powerful. Simplicity meaning that we have few buttons, powerful is that all the controls with the one you saw we saw earlier in the meetings with lots of buttons n but here you only have few buttons but you retain the mm the same powerful functionalities. But in addition with simplicity. So that's the best idea, the cond that that's our uh an innovation um uh i in this uh design here. Okay now we come to other important features that I did not tell you. The first one is the speech recogniser, again it's detachable or add-on. And then we also have security feature for example this here oop it's very robust, it doesn't break and the material, what's the material again? Titanium material. Again uh and the battery life is uh is an is an endurable one, again because this is A_A_ batteries you can choose the types of battery you want. Lithium-ion may be a good one, but you can replace it with cheaper one, again you pay for what you get, and then um y the other p points are robust and misplacement reminder. So when you finish watching your T_V_ and you the you t you turn off the T_V_, uh and then there's this message coming out that uh please put that back to the charger, so so that's the or is it that's the reminder part. Yeah and um And it also use a programmable channel and vocabulary, so we didn't define the vocabulary so it's up to the user to define so sorry? And then uh because of the chil because children are using the device so we have also a a of T_V_ programmes by genre, and this can be used by the adult or by the children. So instead of choosing the channel you are choosing the T_V_ contents of the night. So it's pretty powerful, and that's that's why the num buttons are reduced, because of this feature. Yeah. And and for the materials that is cheap to produce I think uh it's quite clear from yeah. And also like the and the fancy designs yeah. Maybe we can improve more on the design but uh this is the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Spongy spongy. Mm mm. Mm mm. But the the problem is that uh is it robust to mishandling? We have you should find a material that is robust at the same time spongy. Spongy. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. So so is the e evaluation depending on us or other users? Yeah. But who will give the scoring uh we ourself or or a third party? Mm. Mm. Mm. I think we can improve on the design. Som someone um commented this is like a the stone age uh design. Um we have been focused all all this time on the on the technical aspect, functional aspect, but also the simplicity. As for the design maybe we c should hire a designer to help. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah from the innovation aspect I feel that uh what is most innovative of our prototype compared to the existing prototypes that we saw l in the last meeting is that um the retrieval of T_V_ programmes by content, because uh that is really innovative, and for now and another innovation we have is simplicity and simplicity, few buttons, we've uh A lot of functionalities. So that is uh that is uh for both th Our gi I think that the our our product is uh has the best in all well this is a biased judgement because we designed them. Yeah. Uh the innovation is v is very high I think. Both. For both. It's the same innovation. So maybe I can put six to seven. Both. Mm. Uh uh uh there w there was a there was a issue here is that what are what is the display on the L_C_D_? We haven't really uh determined what are actually actually it's good to have a L_C_D_ but what are we gonna display on a L_C_D_? Yeah? Yeah. Yeah but Yes exactly. But you cannot display all on a L_C_D_. Anyway for for the users who who who opt for L_C_D_ we'll give them the give them the L_C_D_, we give what the customer uh wants, right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. S Yeah. I have another thing to say about the easy to use aspect. I think the easy to use uh aspect is different for different people. For the young generation easy to use may be very complicated because uh they w they wants lot of controls with lots of buttons. For kids they want simply the s similarit for the old people they want simplicity, so that's why we have the parental module. Uh we can ha have build a more complex design if if they want it, but but uh what I'm trying to say here is that the um we have different sets of buttons for different kinds of people. So in terms of easy to use I think it's very user customisable. User customisation is very important yeah. Yeah so W uh I think it's the same. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. To improve on the design. Huh? The speech recogniser is a add-on module. Right? Yeah. Oh. The problem is if i we are bla if a customer wants a certain component, and doesn't want the parental control because it's a couple who do not have children when you sell the product in the market you could meet any kind of people, and not all people will need all the functionalities we propose to them. So we might lose the customer because of this. I don't know, what do you think uh? Yes exa what do you think, I don't know. You are Marketing Manag. Yeah. Yeah. But the the question is n does those modularity increase the production cost or decrease the production cost? Mm. Mm. Yeah. Well well the other aspect is that if in the when they have the ar existing product you you gonna maintain the the you're gonna keep the same customer, because the same customer will come back to buy other add-ons. So so Yeah i i so if don't don't buy now they can buy i in the future. So in in that way you're actually keeping the cus the same customer, attracting them to come back in again and again. We're not trying to follow the Microsoft and we don't want to the m Yeah well if the buyers can be up the th would be can be upgraded, it would be a good thing right? Yeah, it depends on the v production. Mm. Mm. Yeah. What we can change is to propose the customers with skins. For example the i the mobile phones nowaday, they sell different kinds of skin and then people just feel that oh I have a new skin and looks better. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah you can pl in what material would that be in uh? Yeah or furry like a pet dog kind of thing. I suppose that you this criteria, is it? Room for creativity. This room is a bit small, but but I think it's okay for us to work with. Yeah mm. Mm. Yeah anyway we have the laboratory nearby to build our modules so it's okay. Good job good job. Thank you. Alright. Mm. Mm we I I know something, we need more cakes, more biscuits on the table while we have meetings. Mm. Mm. Alright then, we finished? Thank you very much.
Is it an only a single mic or a microphone array? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. The cost would be le reduced. Is that two or one? Now what is the whole day rating for that? Whole day's rating. What type of battery? Something like a two A_, A_ three size batteries? Mm-hmm. And the L_C_D_ is this one, on the remote? Yeah. Uh-huh and also the switch. Okay. Mm-hmm. And I think you forgot a point here to have an button to find the charger, because that's a major that's a Okay and if you disable speech recognition system then? Mm hmm hmm hmm hmm hmm. Okay. Yeah people are willing to pay more, but the company is not willing to invest more at the moment. Or uh Something like customised. Yeah. Mm hmm hmm hmm. Hmm okay. And this is other one? Mm hmm hmm hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah that's fine. Okay. Mm hmm hmm hmm. With the charger? I think we can use Excel. Yeah it's a nice input but we have an other inputs from the l public demands. I think we will just have a rough look and then we can make our statements, and we can finalise the product based on this discu I think we can just go to my presentation then. We can wind up. Or we could uh come to some f uh final conclusions. So the marketing made an evaluation criteria and these were some of the findings, and uh in the market the people are not really interested with L_C_D_, without L_C_D_, with speech recognition interface, or without speech recognition interface, but most of the people what they are interested is first thing is, they want to have an fancy look and feel, it should be very fancy with colourful and uh very handy to hold. And the second thing is it should be much more technologically innovative. Of course in that we could put L_C_D_ or recognition to be more technologically innovative. And the third one is easy to use. Okay and if we go to the next slide, here you can find these are the latest fashion updates, and so this in Paris and Milan they have detected this trends that the this year it's going to be an year of fruit and vegetable, so people are really interested to see if they have an remote in the shape of the fruit or a vegetable, or whatever they like. So I think it should be much more customised to make a different uh shapes. And the second thing is, and if the material, they really do not want it to be very hard, as in the case of very pl plastic or titanium, it should be somewhat spongy. Um. Yeah so uh so finally we have these three criterias. One is fancy look, second is innovative, and third is easy to use. So these are the f uh three criteria on which we are going to build our remote. So and we have an evaluation criteria for each one of these, say that we have a seven point scale, from one to seven, and for each of the product you could just give me the scale according to this. So now you have with L_C_D_ and without L_C_D_, so on this scale, if it is true, if it is if it has a fancy look you could just tell me one, or if it is false, it doesn't it looks uh it doesn't look much fancy, then you could just tell me seven. So We can make our study on this and No no we have you have designed two products now, one is with L_C_D_ and without L_C_D_. According to you, no according to you designers, how will feel does it uh with L_C_D_ and without L_C_D_? Okay let us make this L_ and without L_C_D_. On on this scale the L_C_D_ remote control. How do you look how does it look? D is it very fancy or doesn't look much fancy? And you both agree for that? So I take three on with L_C_D_? So without L_C_D_ how would you rate it? Four. And in the sense of innovativeness, with L_C_D_. Five with L_C_D_ and So without L_C_D_? No no according to design aspect we want to know how would you feel the innovativeness? With L_C_D_. And without L_C_D_? Okay. No actually uh to make it with L_C_D_ you make more efforts. So I there is high innovativeness included if you make it with L_C_D_ y then when it is without L_C_D_ there is not much innovativeness. So we can't go I mean that what you are sayin that's what the design No it's like this, I mean on the L_C_D_, according to what I understand from your model is, you have a joystick here, and you have L_C_D_, you just press your joystick, you get here a programme. Uh then No on the T_V_ you don't it doesn't display on the T_V_ now. L_C_D_? Then uh there is no meaning in having it on the T_V_. Or then again you have a channels, volume and all the stuff and what a I mean that depends upon your design, so I mean So without L_C_D_ you want to put it fi the same level of innovativeness? And which do you recommend e easy to use, with L_C_D_ or without L_C_D_? Yeah. Or we can just go back to the previous slide uh where we ha we have a few updates. So I mean in the product design you could just amend it to make some few changes according to fruit and vegetable or a spongy touch without L_C_D_ and without speech recognition. Even then our product is going to be very good. Yeah. Yeah that's right. Yeah yeah that's right. So without L_C_D_ I just take it five? Or you want it to be six? S s oh I think it's better to have this without L_C_D_. As our Programme Manager s Pro Project Manager says that without L_C_D_ it is going to reduce the cost also, and it's going to be much simpler to use. So. That's going to be an optional. If somebody wants to buy it they can have it, otherwise no. It's an optional. Yeah. Yeah, but I mean if you have an add-ons, the kids may just uh hide the parental module and so that their parents can't use it. In the same set, yeah, and and individual buttons to make them work. I mean how to how to how to make a marketing survey that uh how many married couple or how many couples have a T_V_ or to the number or singles who have a television. So based on that I think But you can make it on a single P_C_ with three different options. On the same P_C_B_ yeah yeah. Yeah that's right. I mean you could just provide with an optional. So it's something like a Microsoft product update. Updates and we sell it. We make updates and sell it. And uh what's the idea about uh the shape of the remote controls? Uh can they be made into a fruit and vegetable types? Do you require different types of P_C_B_s and Or uh it could be like this the P_C_B_ would be the same for all, but only the exterior uh shape is different o for all. Yeah, yeah that's right. Yeah that's right. I think you need to look into the material. Yeah yeah. I think the Project Manager would be interested to look about the financial issues in making these models. I feel it's fine, we know we don't need uh I think it's okay. This is fine for making a presentat for project presentations. And the leadership was excellent. Yeah that's right. Yeah that's right. And new ideas found. Any new ideas to make these presentations more interactive and more interesting? I mean uh what type of product would you think could we make this more interesting? Yeah that is within the budget. And the evaluation was Yeah that's right. And the next is celebration. So Yeah thank you, thank you very much.
Mm. Yeah. S okay so I'll show you the the two prototypes. Here we have the first one with the beautiful uh L_C_D_ um display. You you can s here. And you can uh just um browse into the the navigation menu by uh joystick joystick-like uh button. You can uh choose the direction and if you just push on it it's considered like a enter function. You have on the mm on the side here the microphone for the for the speech recognition system here. And here the the switch that control if you want Well I I I think uh it's the Yeah but Yeah. Well so it's a microphone array. No it's just a single microphone, and you I I think uh we we put it here because I think when you when you are browsing your L_C_D_ you will be close to well it's better to to to place it here th than here, for instance. And here is a little switch that control if you want the the speaker uh recognition system to um to be on or off. And uh so this remote control comes up with its charger. Well this this prototype is um made for about uh well fi fi fifteen fifteen dollars fifteen dollars, but uh well it's not it's not uh yeah, but uh it's just a prototype and if we uh if we optimises the um the uh voila. Yeah the and the the production costs we we can achieve uh about ten dollars. How many, excuse me? Well uh f battery, we use uh about uh Yeah. Rechargeable of course, because we have the charger. Yeah and you just On uh yeah one battery. The excuse me? Oh yeah it's just a r uh simple battery a rechargeable uh if you uh like it's exist. Yeah. So and if you want to charge the battery you just put the remote control like that to plug in the the charger and uh leave it uh alone, it's alright. Then the next time you pick it, oh it works. Yeah just explain the button uh Norman. Yep. Yeah it's So we have the the second version also with the different uh button configuration. The second version is also simpler, we d uh we had just uh I have to put the microphone also. So basically th it's the same uh yeah. Basically it's the same uh things uh uh as uh I presented before. But here we have uh we have uh four buttons for navigation. Press one button uh acting as a a enter button. So um yeah according to what you said it's more robust to the user. And uh it's also cheaper to produce. We can produce uh such remote control for about uh four dollars. Yeah it's it's it's embed in the uh speech recognition system. So so Norman will explain to you. Yeah yeah of course mm. Thank thank you. And so mm-hmm. Alright please uh go on Norman with the special features. You also have the the the two other modules for the parental control that that you ca you can add up to the to your remote control i i if you uh if you want to to have more more power on what you do, and uh which channel you want to choose and so on. H here is just the the the module for the kids and th if the parents want to watch T_V_, up they come up with their modules, they just plug in it and they can have all the control they want here. We also have this module for uh old people with big buttons, clearly labelled, and it acts like the previous one, you just plug in and it works. The titanium and so it's very uh Well so the price to produce For uh the simplest one, say we start from four dollars to produce such a device. Uh it's about it The without without the charger it's about uh well two dollars to produce uh the microphone and speech recognition systems. Two dollars for the uh for the add-on modules, and finally three dollars for the charger. So if you uh sum up uh everything wi with the L_C_D_, which costs two dollar, you have two plus four plus four plus two plus two. It's about so the total cost if you if you want all the fuct functionalities will be about uh fifteen dollars. But it's just if you want all functionalities. Excuse me? Yeah. Well I think that the technical in innovation is is in the product itself since we haven't yet a remote who are allowing to to choose interactively with the T_V_ screen uh uh with just four buttons. Okay. A sponge. Hmm. Yeah. Well it doesn't look much fancy I'll I'll say three or four. Yeah. It's it it Technical aspects. Yeah a three. Uh four. I think it's it's uh more easy to make f fancy things when it's not complicated so removing the L_C_D_ um gives us a li more liberty to to have a fancy look. Well it's it's the same for both so I will give a five, six. Well five also uh Norman please. With lot of functionalities. Mm for both it's the the same innovations. six, let's go for six. Yeah. Talk about Yeah but you have the same programme on the T_V_ screen. If you have the L_C_D_, but if n Yeah. Yeah. Well I think both are really easy to use because there are few button buttons, and uh well t p the menu are clear, well-organised, so Well with little knowing of the technology you can you can easily use the product so I will give a six for the easy to use. Yeah, it's cheaper to produce. And uh if the the well if we have less technology we have more liberty to uh for the shape and uh things like that so Yep. Yeah. Six. Um six. Yes as you say, with better uh yeah. And to improve the the look. Yes and to give us more liberty to have a fancy look so so let's go back to our laboratory and Yeah. It's optional yeah, since well according to this study uh people more likes more to have a spongy uh remote control than Yeah. Well it's about the same because if Well you can if you had uh something li Oh no, because if you if you add uh something well yeah maybe because it's three different pieces uh to to to build but Yeah yeah yeah it's I think it's cheaper if you if you already built the all the functionalities um on the same module, but uh Yeah. Yeah. Well so Yeah yeah I think we are yeah but we are also the um well the components will have to change because uh we have to deal with the shape and um but I don't think it will uh increase the cost too much so Uh well but it's a bit complicated to if if if you need machines to different machines to um ah well Yeah yeah we can have the same global shape and then uh add on skins and with with this uh tex spongy texture uh things like that. Sponge. Okay. So we finished the prototype uh presentation if you have uh something else to say. That was good. Yeah. Fine yes uh. Very democratic. Thank you. Alright. Come up with new product. Yeah and also more well uh more seriously I think it's it's a good idea to have uh clear clear points whenever we do a meeting uh prior to the meeting to have uh well a list with the points who will be discussed or things like that, but I think it's alright. We achieved uh project goal I think. It's w yes, more or less. Yeah but Alright. So. So uh coffee machine. Okay.
";"The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer presented two prototypes, one with an LCD screen and one without. They demonstrated how to navigate through the menus and presented the voice recognition and energy source components and the charging stand. They discussed their modular design. They discussed the parental control module and the titanium casing. The production costs were below budget for the basic models. The Marketing Expert presented three important user requirements, and also the fruit and vegetable and spongy material trends in fashion. He then led an evaluation of the prototypes according to these requirements. The group did not feel that the remotes sufficiently met the criteria. They decided to continue working on the design and to take out the LCD screen and voice recognition. They discussed the modular design and its advantages in attracting customers. The group discussed how to incorporate the fashion trends; it was suggested that one shape was used, which could be customized with skins. The Project Manager led an evaluation of the group's experience on the project. The group was pleased with the teamwork and leadership, but one participant complained that not enough information was given about each meeting's agenda. "
"Oops. That's as far as it goes. Do you also do marketing? And I'm Christine, and my role in this uh scenario is to be the industrial designer. But I'm not really one. What is the goal of the project? Um no, I I have not begun working on the design, and um I uh I actually didn't know we were designing a remote control, I thought we were designing a new monitor. Um the website I went to look at had some announcements about an introduction of a um uh some sort of a seven inch um monitor, and um I understood that that was the project goal. So um I'm glad I didn't d do any work um ahead of time because uh I clearly didn't understand the project goal. Um I just did s see that we were starting a new project together and there was going to be a four member team composed of these people, and um that's about uh that's and I I read through the different steps, and what my responsibilities were relative to the steps. Uh for the industrial design? Um well, I would th think that depends on how much money you give us. Um because uh, you know, you can uh you can make it uh you have different choices with different financial models. Well, you know um, I kind of think that in general you have to do uh um y you have to have something that's very fashionable, that's uh very attractive that um people see and recognize uh its goal, and uh they immediately wanna have it uh have one of their own. So it would really would need to um something like the iPod would be good, seems to have caught on fairly well, so um d uh you know, I don't care what it does, just so it looks cool. Well, uh I've got a lot of other projects I'm doing right now um and so I'll have to wait and see how those uh how those go. If they uh go quickly then uh it could be a month. If um if I run into any problems in my other projects it might be six months. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And when would you like that? Uh well if uh if we have enough time uh then d do you think um two weeks is a is close enough? Uh are there other people who will be contributing to the plan? Okay, I'll get back to you on that. Would you mind um at the conclusion of our meeting could could you send us a copy of your slides? Thank you.
My name is Ed and I do accounting. E_D_. Mm. No. Accounting, yes. Marketing is uh, is me. Well I think that we'll see that throughout the day in how we're going to put this together as a marketing to to market the product. We'll have to see on a through discussion on where we're gonna go from here and from with this. Uh for the moment not yet. Good question. No, this is like I said that we have to be discussed between all of us and we'll go from there. We'll have to simply we'll have to work on it together. Certainly by the next meeting. I'm in the sales I'm supposed to explain them what to do. We have to define exactly what our product is, from uh From what I had in mind we're supposed to be marketing coffee, is that right? Remote controls, 'cause I had two different things. I had a first part of mine was to make a remote control for a new f remote control for television, and afterward I had a discussion about coffee so we'll start with the remote control for television then. So we're have to design something that is very user friendly. Something uh visual that has something that will will draw people to buy the product, because I think everybody's experienced with uh remote controls, and some remote controls are are worth uh throwing out the window. Uh th most of them ar I don't know we're have to come up with a new idea on how to make it a lot easier to use, 'cause a lot of times uh spend uh half a day through the instruction book trying to figure out how to use it. Well not yet other than uh doing research and taking remote controls and looking what other companies have to do uh, what they're building, their designs, their ideas, uh also have to pinpoint which market we're gonna go into. It should be a fairly large market because uh the number of people that uh the competition, uh th I agree it has to be something it has to be something new, it has to be something that that draws people saying eh, I like this. Whether it works or not, they have to first say I like this, I like the design, and then it's gotta be simple to use. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Do we already have a cost limit on this, th an idea of how much uh we want to market this for, how much it's gonna sell for, that's up that's up to us to decide, eh? Very good. Very good. No.
Uh sure my name is Agnes and I'm an user usability user interface designer. Um I was wondering Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Well, no, not exactly. I mean my job from what I understood was to look at the usability requirements and make sure that the product is usable, it's acceptable to the people who are gonna use it and look at the best ways to do that. So I think I'll have to interact with Christine and discuss with her, so that she's not designing something that my studies will show right off the bat that it's not going to work, and so it's sort of it's a loop that feeds in, but I don't think necessarily that I'm in a coordinating position for it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Which will also feed into the marketing, because depending on what users want, depends on how you sell it, what tag lines you attach to it, how you try to make it more attractive to users. So I think all three groups will need to interact quite a bit. Um, and then I guess build the plan based on all of that, because I think you need to take all the factors into account. Yeah, of course. Yeah, we can C_C_ him on any discussions or documents that are passed around. Sure. No problem. So, the immediate next step is to start determining the functional design, or okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, yeah, that would be useful. Sure. Okay. Thanks. Thank you.
Hi guys uh good morning everybody here. And uh I want to introduce myself, uh my name is uh Shrida Daseri and uh I'm a project manager for this new project which we are going to discuss now. So I want to introduce first of all uh the names and the colleagues here. And what you're uh drawing? Uh how you spell your name uh? E_D_ okay. And? So only accounting? Okay. And? Mm-hmm. Industrial designer. So who is uh marketing, nobody in the market It's you, okay. So thanks for coming for the meeting first of all, and uh we have a long time, just twenty-five minutes to discuss about uh this project and the the project initiation. First of all I want to ask uh Mister Ed about your uh marketing plan and your product plan and uh Mm-hmm but uh do you already have like a functional design or a technical design or Oh for the moment not yet, okay, but uh what's what's your uh do you have some project plan, something with you or Mm-hmm. Okay, so uh by when you think you can uh give me some kind of uh project plan, okay, a discussion with uh By next meeting, okay that will be great. Uh Okay, so there's any questions or uh first of all about uh this project? Uh the goal of the project I think maybe I'll uh hand out to the Ed, okay, so to explain uh what is the project because he's in the sales and the accounting. Yes, so can you explain uh what exactly the product is? Oh I think uh, if I'm not wrong, we're making the remote control. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And uh what abo uh Christine, what about your uh the industrial design plan? Are you have a design already on this product or uh you're still working on the design? Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. So uh you'll be leading the team for your design team or how many members is working in the team, for the design? Yes. Okay. That's Yeah, but uh before we talk about uh the finance, okay, uh do you have some idea how we can uh sell this product or project in the market and how much is going to benefit to the company and uh of course it's to the individual also. Mm-hmm. Okay, but uh uh when you think you can give me like a kind of design on the functional design or the technical design? Yeah, but uh I need something in the writing, so like uh what's your functional design, what's your technical design, and uh how many people you need for this project, and what's the time frame you're looking, okay, and what is the budget, maybe uh initial budget you're looking, okay, and uh how is going to the market, okay, so you've you've had to meet with the marketing team and how they're going to market and what are the marketing strategic plan, okay, when are you going to introduce, okay, and by the time you introduce the product and uh you know there there would be a competition, okay, so I need some kind of uh uh the plan in the writing from you. Okay, and it's po B as soon as possible. Yes I think uh that would be good, because I need to go to the management and uh tell them what we are going to do, and uh what cost is, okay, and what's the time frame and what's the project plan, because uh without any uh documentations, I cannot go to the management and say, so we are going to do this and we need this much money, okay, so then it's it's difficult for me to say, okay, that's the reason I need uh some kind of plan from you, initially, okay, then we can have the further discussion again. Yes, of course, if you need some help, uh so let me know. So, who are the people you need uh from the marketing or uh the technical side or uh the administration point of view, okay, to add in any documentation, or some technical point of view, so just let me know so I can uh coordinate all the teams. Yes. Thank you. Okay. And uh Ed uh so what's what do you think about uh this uh project for the remote control and d do you have some already planned something for your marketing strategy or uh the sales strategy? Hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, so what I uh prefer maybe uh you need to interact uh more with the Christine, okay, because you know what she is going to do it, okay, and you know how to sell it. Okay, because uh she is doing the design, but you are the core because you are in the marketing, okay, so because you need to sell and you're the responsible for the all the money, the finance, okay, tomorrow. So, what I prefer, okay, so you need to interact with the Christine more and uh within her team, okay, who is using the functional design or technical design, okay, and uh you need to come up with some kind of plan, okay, how we are going to do the your sales plan, okay, th Th That that's Yes, that's you have to decide, okay, so the best thing is you uh both of uh the Christine and you discuss with yourself, okay, and come up with the cost, and how we are going to compete in the market, okay, in the the technically, or in the sales wise, okay, the commercial wise, okay. Then uh we have to design, okay, how long it will take the whole project, okay, how much is going to cost us, and how much we are going to benefit for the company. Okay, of course it's it's uh of benefit for everybody individually. Okay, so I think it's uh maybe if we can uh give me some kind of your uh the sales plan, okay, including the technical what uh she's going to talk to you within the team, okay, then it will help me to discuss with the management for further, okay, and put it in the the proper project plan. Okay, and if you need uh any coordination in between uh compared to the maybe the some technical vendors or commercial vendors, okay, depends if you want to have some uh uh marketing plan or technical plan, okay, so you let me know. Okay, I can coordinate, or maybe uh, you are my coordinator, am I right? Between uh all the coor Yeah. Th Christine, yeah. Which is Yes. Yeah, so basically you need to interact with Christine more, okay, for the user acceptability, okay, and the testing, okay, then you will Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. But what I request, okay, keep Ed in the loop, okay, in between your uh meeting and Christine meeting, because uh he should know what's happening. Yes. Okay and please please copy all the mails, okay, all the discussions to me, okay, so I need to submit to the management. So any questions for uh time being? Yes. Okay. To come up with the functional design and uh to discuss with Ed, okay, and how it's going to be work, and uh first of all with your user acceptance, okay, how it looks like and how it's going to be work in the market, okay, so then we can discuss about uh further things. So, we'll meet when the we'll discuss on the further meeting. It's okay? Thanks for coming. Yes, I will. Yes. I'll copy, uh le let us keep all the emails and all the copies, okay, share each other, okay, so you know everybody what's happening, okay? And if anything you need anytime so please either you can call me, or just send me email, or uh just come and uh knock my door, okay, so I'm available here. It's good? Okay, thanks for coming and uh I wish you a nice time then. Okay, see you later. Bye.
";The group introduced themselves to each other and discussed their roles in the project. The Project Manager opened a discussion about the project plan and asked the Marketing Expert to prepare an overall plan for the project. The Marketing Expert presented the initial aim of the project: the creation of a fresh, user-friendly remote control device. The Project Manager asked the Industrial Designer to create a functional design plan for the device, then asked the Marketing Expert about ideas for the sales strategy. The Marketing Expert presented an initial sales plan: to analyze the competition and to pinpoint the target marketing group. The Project Manager instructed all participants to work together on their respective design plans. The Project Manager decided that the design plans will be discussed at the next meeting, and that the next step will be to come up with a functional design of the device. 
"Okay uh Agnes, you can help me for the slide when okay. Okay, welcome back. I hope uh you have a fresh head and a fresh time. How t now the meeting actually we gathering here to discuss about the functional design meeting. Okay, and uh we'll issue some information from uh all of you. And it's in the, I think uh, in the sharing folder. And uh I will invite uh the Christine and the Ed and uh Agnes to discuss about on the various subjects. So can you go to the next slide? Yeah uh the agenda of the meeting is opening. Then uh I'm going to talk about uh the project management, what I'm going to do, and uh, of course, I'm doing the project management and secretary both, okay, to take the minutes of the meeting. And there are three presentations. One is uh new project requirements. And the second one about uh decision on remote control functions. And uh finally we are closing. Uh and the meeting time will be uh forty minutes, so you have to be very quick. And I have come up with the management come with the new proposal, okay, and I have to discuss a few points on this. Uh both says new insights in the aim of your project. Uh the one is uh the teletext becomes uh outmoded, okay because if uh because of the computer systems and the new technology. So we don't need to consider really about the teletext all in our new project design. And the second one is about uh the remote control. Should be used only for the T_V_. That's what our uh management says. And the third point, it's very very important to establish our uh marketing or uh corporate image, okay, with this new project or new product. Okay. So I will invite uh Agnes, can you go to the third slide? Okay,. So, I'll invite uh Christine to discuss about uh the functional design. Yeah, let me uh interrupt you uh if you can add other facility, other feature, like uh unbreakable. Okay, because uh especially today, you know, you have the family and the kids, okay, and the kids throw it and they they play with their remotes and. Yes. Okay, so if you can add the feature, okay, for your uh fabric whatever in your outline design okay, with unbreakable, okay, I think that will give a lot of advantage for our product, if I'm not wrong. Maybe you can uh add it in that. Okay, uh thank you Christine, and uh uh any questions or uh clarifications, or any discussion on the functional design? Yes. Yeah so Yeah the the I'm sorry because uh the last meeting we supposed to discuss about the financial thing. Uh let me go quickly, maybe if I can go back. I know the project plan and the budget. So I can close this, not sure. Was in uh S This. So let me see where is this file. This is Christine. That's yours, okay. Saving. Okay, uh I will I will send you a mail, okay? The project may be the the project aim, okay. At the end of the day, the company uh wants to make at least uh the fifty million Euro. Okay, and uh of course the price will be very reasonable on the the sales side. Okay, that maybe Eddie will talk to you about uh how much uh the price and uh what's uh how much its cost for the manufacturing and how much it's going to be we sell in the market. Okay. Then uh you can come back with your feedback. And I I have one maybe the suggestion or opinion. This remote control, okay, it can be for like universal, to use for any T_V_. Okay, and it will be slim, okay, and uh Not fat. Okay. Yep. But let's try it, okay, with the different uh the designs, okay, the functional designs. Okay? So any other questions? Okay. Thank you Christine for uh time being, so then uh Ed, so can you tell about Mm-hmm. Yep. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yep. So what do you think about uh the design? Do you think you can make it or uh What do you think about uh the design, uh what he was talking about of the speech recognition? Mm-hmm. Yep. Well, what I can uh suggest to you, Christine, okay, uh if you need some uh the technical feedback, or some training, okay, about uh this facility, especially for the speech recognition, I can recommend you some companies like uh Intel or I_B_M_, okay, because they're already in this uh speech recognition part, okay. And uh you can maybe have some uh technical backup from them, some kind of a technical tie-up. Okay, and uh if you want, I can coordinate, okay, to get some information, okay, and uh you can uh let me know, okay, so what kind of uh the details you require okay, to add this feature in this project. I don't think it's uh the difficult. And uh we need to know how much is the timeframe you need to develop, apart from uh what today. Yep. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yep. Yeah but but end of the day, you're the sales guy, so I will come back and sit on your head because uh you are going to give your sales projection, okay. It's uh of course it's uh good to uh tell the management how much it's cost us and how much you are going to benefit, okay. And uh, so I don't mind to convince, okay, the management to spend some more money on the project, okay, if you can make out of the money from this project. Yes, okay I don't mind to convince the the management, okay. The management says, okay, so they they don't want certain facilities, which it's already worked, okay, they want something uh new, okay. I think uh like uh speech recognit definitely they will agree, I don't think they'll say no for that, okay. And uh I hope I can convince the management on that, okay. So if you have any uh new ideas, okay, for uh your you can always come up and uh you can tell me if you need any uh s special, okay, coordination, okay, between any uh technical companies, which you can uh hide their technology backup, okay, for your uh functional design or technical design, okay, then I am ready to do that. And uh what's your comments about uh Yeah, so you are finish, Ed, uh so I can uh Okay, I'll uh hand over to Agnes. Just gonna close this. T Uh where are you, here? Participant three. Okay, so I'll yep. Okay. Is it okay? Alri Click mm. So for anybody need uh any help, for time being, on this uh subjects, okay, so please come back to me, and uh Christine, maybe I can uh try to help you to get some uh the technical uh the companies to help you for uh make a design uh slim, okay, and to add some features, like we are talking about, the speech recognition and all. Yeah. So not really this one we are talk ab Yep. Okay, that will be great. And uh I'll send you the the minutes of meet Yeah. Okay, what we'll do is now we'll take for lunch break, okay, then uh we can discuss furthermore, okay, with our areas, and uh then we will come back again in the in the next meeting. So thanks for coming and uh I'll send you minutes of meeting, and uh please put your all information in the sharing folder so everybody can share the information. Okay? So let's go for lunch then. Thank you.
Fantastic. Titanium. Expensive. I don't know, I think verbally we can we can pretty much sell. Hmm. Uh from her side, I don't think uh there's too many more questions. If you can come to the Okay, from the marketing yeah, from the marketing side, just to to give an idea what the management is looking for, I was looking for a a remote control to have a s I have a sales price of twenty-five Euro, with a production price of uh twelve and a half Euro. For what uh I think from what we're trying to find, we're tr we're looking for, I don't think that price is exactly in the market. Okay? I'll explain myself here now in the sense that uh in a in the recent surveys, uh from the ages fr from fifteen to thirty-five, eighty percent are willing to spend more money for something as fancy as trendy. Twenty-five Euros, uh that's that's a preson reasonable price. That's a market price right now. Now if we're gonna take a risk, and push this up a bit, make it more expensive, but give them added things that they don't have now, then it w it could possibly sell. Obviously the risk is there. Too expensive, they're not gonna buy. But, I think uh there's one other thing interesting two things that are interesting is that uh from the fifteen to thirty-five year-old group, which always spends more money on trendy new things, speech recognition is requested. And we're talking between seventy-five to ninety percent of this group is willing to pay for speech recognition on a remote. Obviously, we can't make a remote into a computer, but maybe simple commands. I dunno, louder, softer, on, off. That might be a possibility, even though it costs more, to be the first on the market to produce this. Thirty-five percent say they're too difficult to use. So we have to figure out a way of making it um more user friendly. Uh fifty percent say they can't find the remote half the time. So maybe one word speech recognition commands, say remote, and there's a beep beep beep, and they can find it through, you know, ten tons of newspapers, magazines, whatever you have at home. But, in the cost that uh the management is looking for, that's not gonna be possible. But if it's trendy, if it's fancy, it's got some colour to it, if it's very easy easy to use, if it's got simple remote speech remote uh control, like I said, louder, softer, change channel, on, off, remote, it goes beep beep, I can find my my remote without spending half a day looking for it and getting all upset 'cause I can't turn the T_V_ on. So we're gonna have to look at it in a in this global idea, with the ideas of the industrial uh design. But, price obviously we have to talk about. Speech recognition. Mm. Because tha w with speech recognition uh th I'm not that good at that idea but th if it's a one-word recognition, 'cause I know with telephones and cars and things I've seen in the States, a friend of mine says call Mom, and it calls up Mom. 'Kay the radio can be on and everything. Because I think s with speech recognition, if uh the the remote or like the telephone it has a exact word that it has to hear. I don't think it would come through a sentence in a television. If somebody's speaking on the se the television, they're not gonna stop and say remote, okay. So I think that uh something could be designed to recognise single word Like the t like the telephone. No because I this is this is years ago in the United States where we're driving down and he said call home, and the telephone called immediately so well, that's kinda cute. From from your side uh, you're gonna have to go back the management and s be more s precise. What do they want? Uh, a risk, take a risk on the market? Something that's gonna cost more, but could very easily s make a boom in the market? Because it has to be something totally different, has to be total totally new. Something that nobody has right now. And it's gonna cost. Mm-hmm. Sure. Sure. Obviously. If the bottom line is positive. Mm. Mm. Yes. Mm. Hmm. Individual actions. She's objecting. Oh th we s we still have Yeah. Right. Agreed.
Yep. Sure. No, this is the third slide. Sure. Um. You're participant s Two? Do you want the mouse, or do you want me to Mm-hmm. Do you have any preconceived ideas in terms of materials? 'Cause, for example, in the unbreakable thing, doing something plastic would be harder, whereas having something like, I dunno, steel or titanium isn't really economically viable. Yeah. Yeah. Sure, yeah. No, I just wondering whether that you had any sort of Yeah. The marketing comes out. That's Christine's. And that's mine, I think. In modified. S 'scuse me for one sec. Hmm. It seems also like with the speech recognition, yeah, it's a great feature, but if you're watching T_V_, there's a lot of ambient sound, and it's words. It's not just, you know, noises like something hitting. It's actual speech, so then you have to make sure that the speech recognizer is good enough to filter out the T_V_ speech, and the the user's speech. Otherwise, you can say remote. But if someone on the screen is saying the same thing, all of a sudden, you have someone in a movie saying off and your screen dies, because they've triggered the remote control and it's turned off your T_V_. So, I think if we can find a speech recognizer that can handle those types of problems, then yeah, it'd be a really good marketing gimmick. But, I think we seriously need to consider how that would impact the situation. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. Yeah. No, I think it's a great idea if we can design it to to suit those requirements. Yeah. Um well, I mean, maybe if I go through my presentation, you can sort of see what the user perspective is, and how it ties into the other two comments. Mm participant three. Nope, here Good. Thanks. Yeah, and that's fine. Okay. So, basically, the method that we usually use in the user interface design is that we need to look at what people like and what people don't like about existing products. So, in our case, existing remote controls. And then, what the good ideas are, and what the bad ideas are, and why they're bad and good, which isn't always as obvious. We seem to have intuitions about why things are good or things are bad, but when you look, technically, at how it works, sometimes that's not the case. Then we need to decide what functionalities we really want to keep, 'cause that'll feed into both Ed's work and Christine's work. Um and then what the remote control should look like, obviously, once we've got a good idea of what the functionalities are. So, in terms of the functionalities that we need, you obviously need to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off. You need to change channels, both by directly going to a specific channel or by channel surfing. You need to be able to control the volume and then control any menus on the T_V_ to regulate contrast or whatever. So, the problems that people have expressed is that there's too many buttons on remote controls, in general. The buttons it's not clear what they're supposed to do. Um often, you need to know specific button sequences to get certain functionalities done, um which you don't necessarily always remember, especially if it's a functionality that you don't use very often. And that the buttons are too small. So, here we've got two examples where here on the left-hand side, you can see a remote control that has lots and lots of buttons. The buttons, in a lot of cases, are tiny. Um they're hard to see, and okay, they're labelled, but the labels don't necessarily tell you too much. Whereas, on the other side, you have a much simpler remote control that I think basically has the minimum functionalities that are needed. And it sort of looks simpler and just less imposing when you first look at it. So, I would be inclined to go sort of towards this, in terms of design, rather than this. And if there's specific functionalities that require more buttons, then we can figure out how to do it with existing um buttons. So my personal preferences are to keep the number of buttons to a limit, or to a minimum, sorry, make frequently used buttons bigger and more strategically placed, so like the on button being really obvious one, the channel changing and the volume, and to keep the design basically sleek and simple. Which, I think ties into what Christine and Ed have both said fairly reasonably. Um so, that's pretty much it, an I don't know if you guys have any questions or Yep. Yes, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's definitely a very important factor, especially to users who are gonna be buying the thing and then using it almost on an daily basis in a lot of cases, I think. Oh Should we maybe make a decision about what features we actually want to include, 'cause we've thrown a lot of features onto the table, but do we actually want to incorporate all of them, or have we missed anything? Sure. Mm-hmm. I thought No, I I'm just thinking in terms of time, like if Yes, now I'm objecting. No, I mean, I was just thinking is it really practical to start designing something with features that we're just gonna end up throwing away? I mean, it takes a lot of time and effort for everyone to consider different features, um and s if we spend that time and effort on features that we're not gonna use, maybe it's better to spend it on the f thinking more about features that we actually do want, but I guess Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Okay.
'Kay, do you wanna open the I'm number two. That's it. I'll do the notes. Yeah, thanks. So um well I I figured uh we should um identify some user requirements, and from my experience, I wanna uh, and from research I did, uh the the device has to turn the television on and off the first time you press on the big button, you can't uh can't have like uh waffling on this point, you know. Really have It needs to be able y y have to be able to find it. Because one of the biggest problems with remote controls is finding them. So uh, I also, since we have to establish our corporate image on the basis of this new product, thought we better look at things that are popular and um ex go beyond those, and, as I said in the first meeting, um and then uh we might wanna talk eventually about the materials that are appropriate to use in uh in the construction, especially in the the uh the outside of the product so that it gives the appearance, and it is reliable, and so forth. I did a little history on uh the the uh remote controls and when they were invented and so forth, so, I guess this guy Zenith uh created the Flashmatic, which I kinda like the idea, 'cause it made me think of um um maybe the remote control made a big flash when uh you turn the T_V_ on and off, that might be interesting. And um so it was highly directional flash light that uh you could turn the picture on and off, and the sound on and off, and change channels c so I think um those are still requirements we have today, uh fifty years later. And uh it was really a pioneering innovation, but it was uh sensitive to the sun, so that uh it would get would start off by the you'd get it would easily cause um problems. So, uh I in addition to uh looking at the um uh the functional requir so all these devices are examples of where uh mm they represent examples that are available today which I think the one in the middle is r um really uh something to keep in mind. It'd be easy to find. And um it would uh y you'd you could throw it at things if if the T_V_ didn't turn on and off, you could use it for something else. And since I'm not really um Industrial Designer, I didn't really know what to do with this slide. But um I just took some different uh schematics and I put them into this, and I guess this is what a slide might look like if you were drawing a circuit board. I don't know why um we were asked to do this. So, uh personal preferences, um I think we could uh I I'm really thinking outside the box here, and I think that we should consider perhaps having an an an a a size uh a remote control that changes in size depending on the user preference. So something that's very very flexible and inflatable and then you could shrink it. I think um it could either be you could go either one extreme, be very colourful, or you could make it clear, and um kind of blend in with things, so you didn't have to um uh have a problem with the th the decoration of the of the user's home. Um I think uh it needs to be waterproof, because uh sometimes they fall into cups and, you know, it might be out by the swimming pool or something like that. Um if you uh mi one of one of my requirements was about needs t to tell you when it's done its job or not, because half the time, I keep pushing on the remote control, and I don't know if it's actually understood my message, so I think it should give you some sort of an oral cue. And uh, course I never wanna replace the battery. So, that's those are my f preferences, and that's my presentation. Yes. Run over it with a car. Good idea. Good idea, I'll I'll uh um Yes, very good. Hmm. Titanium. Titanium would be be heavy, too, wouldn't it? No, I haven't really um I wanted feedback, I think we need to rate rank these, but we'll see what your uh personal preferences are and your thoughts. I like titanium. It's light. Uh yeah but uh who who said who said we were, you know, nobody told me how mu what our financial objective is, so um It'd be hard to inflate something ou made out of titanium though. Not fat? Not fat, huh. Might be hard to find, though. Oh, okay. Speech recognition?. D uh I'm sorry? Well, uh training is always an issue with uh commands. So um might uh we can perhaps um do it if the user is willing to spend some time in the training process, uh it could reduce th th uh the overall um cost. Not sure how. But um anyway, um I I think also that uh this might impact the battery life. And um so, maybe what we'll have to do is um add something where you can um recharge it wirelessly so that uh y you know sen send power to it. So uh or maybe uh set it out in the sun and it uh, you know, gets uh, from the light, um a a solar cell inside there so that uh you have enough uh juice to do all these fancy things. Off. Very good point. Okay, we'll find that out. Oh, it's um, seems very understandable. Clearly your research and uh and ours uh heading in the same direction, and um uh the only thing that I saw missing from uh your your research that we found was this uh ability to find the doggone thing when you need it. So uh, you know, but that's okay. That's why we're all here at the table, so that if we think of it and our research indicates certain things and um w we it's complementary. I also think that um uh th f the the feel of it is uh, when you hold it, is something that um uh was expressed more in in in in my uh design and that's logical and normal 'cause those are the parameters that an Industrial Designer's more thinking about, th th the look and the feel, and uh, you're First. Yep. Mm-hmm. Okay, so I don't have any questions. Sounds good. Do you wanna go back and look at the closing slide, maybe that would provide some guidance? Doesn't really tell us. Well it says individual actions, it says user interf so I'm supposed to do the components concept, supposed to work on the user interface concept, and you're supposed to keep watching the trends. Um and specific instructions will be sent by our our coach. I think we should do as many features as uh start with all of them right now and eliminate them later in the process, that's my suggestion. You can object if you want to I think we should take that as an action item for after the meeting, 'cause w our meeting time has run out. Somebody else has go to use this room, and, you know, we can't hang out here and talk about this, so Thank you very much.
";"The Project Manager gave new requirements for the product: the remote will not include a teletext function, will only be used for television, and must show the corporate image. The Industrial Designer presented  possible components to consider. The group then discussed hard materials to include in the design. The Marketing Expert presented an initial sales plan and showed that there is a demand for remotes featuring voice recognition and other capabilities; the group discussed how it could be integrated into the functional design. The Project Manager offered to help the Industrial Designer find companies to provide help in integrating this component. The designers expressed that they needed more information from the board on their expectations for the product. The User Interface Designer gave a presentation on product design from the user's perspective and emphasized simplicity in design. She also suggested that the group make a decision on which features to include in the final product design, but the group decided to postpone it. The designers were given their assignments: the Marketing Expert will present the marketing concept; the User Interface Designer, the user interface concept; the Industrial Designer, the components concept. "
"Wow, good expression. Well after us. Actually, I'm ready to sell it. I'm ready to sell it. No y no no no, the o the only w the only wood you can use are the ones that are hard, extremely hard wood, but there are some very pretty woods out there. That's actually very innovative idea. Well, it's actually a very innovative n different idea that uh you know you can choose your colour of wood, your type of wood. I mean it's each person is gonna have their own personalised, individualised speech recognition remote control in wood, that's not on the market. In turns of wow. Wood? They do that anyway with the rubber and plastic, so, and chew 'em up. And chew 'em up. No. Hmm. Simple design. It's what consumers want. It's almost like, Houston, we have a product here. Problem is obviously gonna be cost. Okay, I also have a f very simple presentation, because for the marketing point you have to see what the consumers want. I also have uh copied a different type of remote. If you can find me, where I'm at. There should only be one in here. trend watch. It's being modified. They're stealing our product. We've been giving simple questionnaires in different areas because th obviously we have to see what the com consumers are looking for today, 'cause uh trends change very very quickly. In six months maybe this idea is already gone out the window, so it's gonna be a question how fast we can act. Uh they already erased the rest of mine, huh. No no, no no. 'Cause I had another comment there. Uh the market trend. This is what we know from the last uh from the questionnaires from the the all the p surveys we've done, fancy and feel-good, that's what we've been looking for, something that feels good in the hand, that's easy to use. Looking for next generation of innovation, because all the remotes out there now, they're all very similar, they all do the same thing, we have to have something completely different. Okay? Easy to use, has always has become has become another major interest that uh, with the whiteboard we can see that it's a remote that's easy to use. And I think this is another thing that's interesting is the consumers actually willing to pay the price for exciting tel technology. So even if we have a product that may be more expensive, if it comes out right, if they look it looks and feels good and has technology. The second two, you can see the last one is a very easy simple design. The second one, there is about uh forty-five thousand different buttons on it, which makes it fairly hard to read, uh very hard to use. The first one, I see that they put in a display. Now there's something else uh with the little flip-up, now we're adding all kinds of things in, but with the little flip-up, if you have a little display on the flip-up that when you close it everything is locked. Maybe the display also makes it easier to use, because sometimes when you're looking for buttons, maybe if you see a display Okay Because I've seen mostly the standard ones, yeah. Now you have it now you have one with the very simple also. The idea is simple, but with a display, so you can see what you're doing. So maybe if we can incorporate the easiness of use, trendy, fancy, feels good, uh with a display, wood, designer wood, designer colours, we might've Mm-hmm. How hard they squeeze? Resistance resistance, right. No, but incorporating the three uh obviously it'd be something totally new on the market, totally different and from Although, what it was it uh it was uh Nokia that came out with this changeable colours. Right, you take it apart, and put on another face, take it off and put on another face and then they sold millions, millions. So. So say with the f with the findings, with the research, easy to use something totally new. We have to come up with something totally new that is not on the market. Where w Where it would be manufactured is is another step. We're here to design, come up with a nice product. No. No no p spec It's 'cause we have to find out cost on it. Um, no that's no problem. I'm here for the pushing it after it's made. I will market it. Once we get a price on it then we can market it. Nice beautiful mahogany red wooden case. And marketing strategy, thank you. Fired.
Okay. So uh, if you could open the PowerPoint presentation. I'm number two. Components design, there we go. So uh can we put it in slide show mode? Yeah. Right here, is that little that one, yes please. Thank you. I'll take the mouse. So uh we were looking he specifically at the components uh the following components, uh the case, the power supply, uh the means of communications with the television set. In instance we had talked about using some sort of speech recognition, you have to have microphone well no you don't actually I haven't have to have microphone in the device, but um maybe you do have it a a way it has to it has to hear the speaker and um, so it could be in the television set, could be in the device, but somewhere you have to put the microphone, um and a w a way of making beeps or sounds so you can find it when it's gets lost. Um so the other w thing that we So. Our method for going about this is we've looked at uh the histo hi historical record, what's worked, what hasn't and then we also um we wanted to evaluate some new materials and we contacted manufacturing for their input because, course, we m might come up and choose the material that then manufacturing didn't have the technologies or capabilities to offer us, so uh this is the approach that we took during our um our research. So um for the case, um we told we were making a specifica specific assumption that it would be curved in design. Course, you know, I wanted it to be expandable and shrinkable, but um that uh doesn't seem to b be one of the choic non-option we can uh we can really seriously explore, so then we were thinking about um rubber, but um unfortunately that's been eliminated because of the heat uh factor and th um there might be some problems with the m uh how it's uh goes with the board. Uh and uh then th plastic also has this problem of melting and it's brittle it gets brittle after a while, so um we still had titanium and and wood available, but um unfortunately uh uh titanium's also been eliminated uh, the m people in manufacturing said that you couldn't make d curved cases out of titanium, although how Apple did it with th PowerBook I'm not su quite sure but uh nevertheless um they've eliminated all of our options except wood. So, this is our finding. And a as she said, it's an environmentally friendly uh material, so we're we're currently uh proposing, uh we'll get to all my personal preferences in just a second. So then there's this other matter of the chips and um well we could use a simple design on the board, but uh these simple chips, but that's only works for the bu you don't get very much um intelligence with this simple one. And um then there was the regular which I regret that I've forgotten exactly why I'm eliminating that one. Uh the other option was this advanced chip on print, and uh we liked th we we found that it it includes this infrared sender, which w 'member the beam was that was an important component of finding the right chip. And uh manufacturing has told us that they've um uh recently developed a uh a sensor and a speaker that would uh be integrated into this advanced chip on print, so uh we we uh now jumping right to our personal preferences um I I'd really think we should, you know, use some of uh some really exotic woods, like um, you know uh, well you guys come from tropical countries so you can kinda think of some trees and some nice woods. I think that people will might really want to design their own cases, you see, they could do sort of a this um three-dimensional design on the internet, and then they could submit their orders, kinda like you submit a custom car order, you know, and you can choose the colour and the size of the wheels and the colours of the leather and things like that, and then I uh think we should go with the solar cells as well as the um microphone and speaker on the advanced chip. So this is the findings of our research and my recommendations um for the new remote control w um would be to have um have it be made out of wood. Do you have any problems with that? I'm not sure, how do I Oh, I know, let's see. Let's go back up here. I think it's um um a multiple uh chip design um and it's uh maybe printed on to the circuit board. Uh I could find out more about that uh before the next fi next meeting. I don't know, but I'll find out more at our next meeting. Sounds good. Because um it gets brittle, cracks Um We want we expect these um uh these remote controls to be around for several hundred years. So. Good ex Good expression. I don't know, speak for yourself, I'm planning to be around for a while. you're what? You think? And you could you could sell oils with it, to take care of it. Well I'm glad you Okay, good. Sorr having a hard time keeping wi control over my face. Mm-hmm. Mm. She works in the cubicle next to me so she's uh she was already a little bit prepared for this. Luckily Ed was not. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you wouldn't wanna have to have splinters in your hand while you're using your It's really good if your dog gets ahold of it, they can use it for teething. Yeah, they do it with other materials as well, yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. Right, my hand is uh different size than yours for example. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. A hinge. Be like a copper hinge or you know. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Sure. No, f go to findings. Context-sensitive instructions, depending on what the tel what mode the T_V_ or the D_V_D_ or something else is in. You know, maybe what you could do is when somebody orders the device id you could send them like um a uh uh b some sort of a foam rubber um ball, and then they would squeeze it, and it would take the shape of their hand. To t an and then you would know like um what the geometry of their hands would be and uh Yes you'd know what kind of wood to get. That's right, that's right, you wouldn't wanna go too far down that. Oh that that actually would uh increase the um the revenues we could expect, yeah. Mm-hmm. Right, mm. We'd also have to wor um consider that uh who we were gonna get to make these custom cases in terms of manufacturing processes, we might wanna um learn about um labour laws. You know in different countries and stuff wher so we can do it cheap, but you don't wanna exploit uh labour in um third world countries. So actually you could turn it y turn around and say that you're uh par the reason the cost is high for the device is because um you're paying a a working wage to the person who made the device. Cost of living is low. Good, well th that'd be something that manufacturing would have to um explore more and to where Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. What do you think Ed? Do you he liked the display in one of the concepts that you showed, um, do you know how much it costs, um, to to add a little display like this uh? Do you wanna take an action item to go find out? Okay. Sorry about that. So the the advanced chip on print is what um what we've we've deci we've determined and the uh engineering industrial design is the recommendation, and um I think we've kinda come to some agreement regarding um this concept of a wooden case. A customisable and Uh I don't think so, no, I think they could be rubber like they are now, so you have that tactile experience of So um are we done with this meeting? And a marketing strategy.
Mm-hmm. At least it's environmentally friendly. Thank you. Yeah. Why was the plastic eliminated as a possible material? Mm-hmm. Whic Which Although I think I think with wood though you'd run into the same types of problems, wouldn't you, I mean it chips, it if you drop it, uh it's I'm not su I think if you re if you use really good quality wood, then it might work, but you can't just use Yeah, exactly, yeah. The stain. Um, in terms of comments on this or in terms of my own Y yeah. I think we can get the quality materials then it shouldn't influence the design principles too much, which you'll see with my presentation. One thing we'd have to check though is what the users whether how quickly the novelty wears off of having uh Yeah, for example. So, have to see how kid-friendly it is and and all that, but Sure. One point three, yeah. Uh, yeah. I think so, yeah. Yeah, that's the one. So, it's a very short presentation, 'cause I'm actually gonna draw you the layout on the board so if you want to just go straight to the second slide, um, which basically shows, sort of I took the ideas that we were talking about last time um and tried to put that into the remote control so the things that y you can actually see on it are the on off switch, volume and channel control, the menu access button, ergonomic shape, which I completely agree with Christine's idea to have it sort of molded, so it's slightly more ergonomic and comfortable to hold than the r standard very straight remote controls. And actually the other thing with the wood if we take your customising idea, is that people can actually do sort of quasi-measurements on their hand size, so if someone has larger hands, you have a wider remote control. So, that's actually a really good idea for customi customisability. Um, one thing I thought might be kind of interesting is to put a flip screen on it, just like you have on flip phones, so that you don't have this case where someone sits on the remote control or accidentally puts their hand on it, especially if you have little kids around, they're not pressing the buttons while you're trying to watch a T_V_ show and accidentally change the channel or turn it off. And also um you had issues with the batteries running out, so I thought maybe we could put a little battery life-light on it that kind of goes dimmer and dimmer and dimmer as your battery is starts to die. And in terms of invisible features, audio and um tactile feedback on button presses and, like you said, speech recognition. So, in terms of what this thing would actually look like Despite working in interface design, I'm not the greatest artist in the world, so you'll have to forgive me. You'd have something like this with an on-off switch fairly big, sort of in the corner and by itself, so you don't accidentally turn your T_V_ off while you're trying to manoeuvre other buttons. And then you have sort of one of those toggle displays for, oops, channels and volume, sort of for surfing channels and then volume, so the volume would be the up and down, 'cause volume goes up and down and then channels left to right. And then here you'd have your sort of standard, telephonish number pad. And then on one side you would have an access to the menu on your T_V_ and on the other side a way to turn off the voice control. So that if the user doesn't want to use their voice, they can just turn it off and you don't have the remote control accidentally changing things on you. Um, so again you can have a little L_C_D_ light somewhere, the flip thing and Have I forgotten anything? I don't think so. So, as you can see, it's a very very simple design, which is one of the things I really wanted to keep, is keep it simple, not have too many buttons, not have too many functionalities thrown into it. Think the design can pretty much carry over to everything, although with the wood the flip screen might have to do something slightly different. Yeah. But you also have to d start watching out for the weight, 'cause depending on how much the the flip screen will add to the weight of the remote control, you don't want it to start getting too heavy. But that's the general layout with the general functionalities, if we come up with something else. As you can see, there's still lots of space on the actual remote control and if you do it customisably, you can make this thing fairly small or fairly o large, depending on personal preferences. So, that's pretty much all I had to say, I mean, everything else in terms of design issues. Um the centering of the key pad and the channel is just depending on where your thumb is and you tend to use the the volume control and uh the browsing more than the actual number pad, so that would be sort of in direct line of where your thumb goes when you are holding the remote control, the number pad a little bit lower 'cause it's used less frequently. So once we decide exactly what we want, then we can figure out the exact positioning, but more or less I think it should go along those lines. Mm-hmm. Yeah. No, no. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. Especially you might need something like that for training the speech recognition and yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh yeah. Yeah, so it's really molded to to your specific But th for that you'd also have to do sort of an average across families and things like that if unless everyone has their own personal remote. The sales, yeah. Yeah. Well, already the customisability is a really good sort of new gimmick. Yeah. Yeah. And that took off, yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think it depends, I mean I think it's a good idea, but we need to really think about how useful it's gonna be because theoretically with the T_V_ you already have a big display right in front of you. So, if we're trying to keep costs down, then maybe sacrificing the display is a way to go. I mean it depends on how much putting a display costs and what it would be used for very specifically what it would be used for, 'cause if it's only used for one little thing, then putting in a big display case or a big display that's probably expensive just to do the training on the chip for the speech recognition or whatever, may not be the most cost-efficient way to go, but that's just sort of speculation, I mean. Mm-hmm. What about the buttons, would Would the buttons be wood too, or Mm-hmm. Okay. Sure. No. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay.
Uh welcome back after lunch, I hope uh you had a good lunch together. For uh this meeting the main agenda okay uh to discuss about the conceptual design meeting. Okay and the agenda will be the opening and uh that's uh the product manager or secretary that's me and uh the presentations from the Christine and uh Agnes and from Mister Ed. And finally in this meeting we have to decide and we are to take a decision on the remote control concept and uh the functional design So we have forty minutes, I think it's uh little bit uh low, but I I hope we can finish it up so I'll handle to the the functional team, to the Christine, okay, to discuss about uh the components concept. You're number two. 'Kay The next one. Can you go back uh one slide? Yes, uh question, uh, what's mean exactly, advanced chip on print? What's the meaning of that? Mm-hmm. Yeah, is it means it's on the yeah is it on a micro-proc micro-processor based or uh Okay, tha that would be great, so if you find out from the technology background, okay, so that would be good. So so you're not convinced about the the wood, yes. Yeah, so it it's looks good the the design the functional design uh, what about yo you? Yes, in t yes, in term in terms of comments first Okay then, uh, let's move to Agnes. S you're You are in participant three. This one? So what's your, uh, the comments or uh s Okay Mm-hmm. Yeah. The Yeah. I hope so. Yeah. Yeah, but we can get a production in, uh, countries like, uh, India yes, yes, countries like India or China or Malaysia, so you can go a better features and better price and you can sell more. So Yeah, yeah, so Yes. So Yeah, so Yes uh, but uh that that we can that we can talk about the production later, okay, depends on the the quantity, okay. So we don't need to have our own uh fabric factory or something, so we can have a tie-up with who the do the fabric, okay, for the different uh electronics items, then we can have a business tie-up and to get to cut the cost, okay, to sell more. So, but uh le let's decide first about the components concept and uh interface concept, okay, if is acceptable for both of you, what uh Ed was talking. And your design whether you want with the display or without display or just a simple, so Yeah. Yes. I don't think so. Yes. Yes. Don't looks nice uh. Yeah, so uh what we'll do is, uh, we will stick with the the simple design for time being until uh th Ed find outs about the how much it's cost to the extra, in case we go for the display. Okay. So maybe what you can do is uh, both of you, you can come up with the the prototype, okay, the model. Okay? Yeah, I hope, if is it okay if uh they will come up with the prototype design, okay. Then they can show you how it looks like, and then we can uh submit to the I will submit to the management. Okay? Then meantime you can come up with the price, how much it's cost as extra for uh the display. An and the marketing strategy, that's very important, okay. Yes. How much you can how mu how much how much you can sell extra. Of course you'll make money too, so it it's not only pay-out, you make money too, your commission. Okay, so, any questions? So, by next meeting, so, please come up with the the prototype, okay, then uh, then we can proceed from there. It's okay? So thanks for all your uh efforts and coming for the meeting again, and see you soon then. Okay? Thank you.
";The Industrial Designer gave her components concept presentation, which presented the components that will be used and how they will be integrated into the functional design. She announced that their only choice for casing material was wood, so she suggested an idea of having customizable wood cases. The User Interface Designer gave her presentation on the user interface concept for the product, and gave a basic layout of the remote's key functions. The Marketing Expert presented the marketing concept and discussed including a display to facilitate use. The group discussed the unique, custom design of the remote, and quickly talked about finding a manufacturer that could make the custom cases cheaply that still paid fair wages. The group also discussed whether or not to incorporate the display into the design, and decided to wait until the cost of adding that feature was known before adding it to the design. The Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer were instructed to begin building a prototype, and the Marketing Expert was instructed to work on the marketing strategy as well as research the cost of the display component. 
"Welcome back. Welcome back everybody. So this meeting agenda will be the detailed design meeting. And uh opening and uh P_M_s of the meet minutes, uh prototype presentation from uh Christine and uh Agnes. Yes and uh evaluation criteria. The finance, it's uh from my side, from the management, and uh production evaluation. Then uh closing. So we have forty minutes to discuss and uh finalise and close the product and project and to move further, okay, so Okay, let's talk about uh maybe first uh for the prototype. So I handle to So shall I go to sorry. Yep. S Okay, let's go to A_M_I_. So in two or three or Yeah. Yes. Mm-hmm. I think the microphone is on on the top, uh on the middle, the under the flip. So that will be the safe, so p any the chip it's not on the chip because you need to have microphone to Yes. Uh it's it's Yeah, but uh uh my opinion I think it's better under the flip because whenever you want to uh the talk, okay, so then you can speak then you can close it. But if you put it on the on the flip, okay, then uh technical I don't think it's uh feasible, 'cause most of the time you speak then it will be recognised. Yeah, the sides maybe is good. So That's good idea. Yes. So it's maybe good idea. Yes. Yeah. So it's maybe good idea. S s Okay. S I'm fine, I'm satisfi I'm satisfied. Of course it's it's it's looks more heo heavy, but I think when it's completely maybe it's a less weight. Yes. Yep. That's your uh prototype model? Okay, that's good, thank you very much. So any comments or uh Okay. Yes, that uh So I'll come back to the So evaluation criteria, I think uh that will be good, so then let's come to the finance uh, I have some uh calculations which I made uh as for uh the budget. So here you can uh look like uh the energy and uh dynamo and uh kinetic and solar cells. Uh it's optional, somewhat optional and Ed wants the chip on print, that's what uh we were talking about that. So then we have sample sensor and sample speaker, then uh we have the wood material, then special colour and push button. So it's uh actually, our budget was uh twelve point five Euro, but uh it's coming to nine point nine five Euro, so we are under uh below the budget, okay, so still we are saving some money. I think it's a good figure. Than thank you. So maybe it's for some money we can utilise for our uh marketing, for the sales, okay, and uh It's not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, so still uh we have twelve point five Euro. Yes. Yeah, but Yes. Yep. Yes. This we are talking about one unit, okay, so when it go into the quantity, okay, and the cost will come down. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. But anyhow, still we are under control, okay, so what uh I will do is I will try to negotiate with the vendors, okay, to get uh the production cost less, okay, so then we can save some money, okay, to put into th our marketing or uh you know the promotions, whatever, okay, so that uh I will look after. I will speak to the management and how to get uh you know some more uh cost down. Yes. You're in four? TrendWatch. Okay. Yep. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yes. Yep. Of course. Yep. Yep. Yes. Yes. To the agents. Yes. Or eBay, or Yes. Yeah, that's a good idea. To impro more profit and uh Yeah, yes. Yeah. We can. I don't think that's uh not possible, it's uh okay then, l uh let's wait for the production, okay, then uh you can evaluate the product, so how it looks like technically and uh how it look like uh the real. T Oh but Yes it's it's very quick, of course. It will uh come back in two weeks, okay, it will be ready in two weeks. For evaluation, okay. Yes, the prototype uh prototype product evaluation. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. So you can take a minimum two weeks to a maximum four weeks. Yeah. Yeah, because we we are not going to do it in uh our factory, okay, so we can give it a product evalua Yes, yes. So we'll do it in the other place, and I don't think it's take more than four weeks time. Or uh Okay, so then the real production we will start once we product evaluation, okay, then uh it's approve from uh the technical team and uh your team, okay, uh from the management, then we can launch in the market. Hm? S Any any other uh questions or uh comments to be discuss? Okay, so then uh Okay uh, let's take like this. Let's proceed with this model, okay, for the for the marketing direction, okay. So no more changes will be made, okay, in this the basic design. Okay? So we will introduce m this model and uh let's introduce in the market and let's take the feedback from the customers, then we can uh go for the second generation. Okay. There's no end, there's not limit. Every every custom Okay. Well, every customer, okay, they have their own ideas, they have their own test, okay, so there's no end, there's no limit. Yeah, so that's the reason you are here for uh the design, okay, I hope you made a good design. Yeah, but uh see, we ought to take a few considerations, okay, one is the price consideration, one is future consideration, okay, like uh you can eat uh you can all eat more chi I can eat more chilli, okay, so i it's a depends on the individual taste, you know, so we have we have to balance somewhere. Yes. Yeah. The sports time. Football. Football. Yes. Yes. Yes. Research. Yep. Yes. Yes, the that of course uh I will convince the management to do that, okay. Sure, sure, yes.. Yeah. That's the reason Ed is here. I think he can promote the the brand value and the product value. Yes. We are behind the scene and he is the front screen, so. He's on the big screen. Okay, so then uh let's come to the closing and uh are the costs within the budget and uh is the product evaluated, okay, so that will uh come soon. Okay for uh but our time being, so thanks for all your efforts and great work and uh great design and uh let's leave it to the Ed for later for once production is over and the meantime let's celebrate. So let's meet up uh this evening to hang up for some party. 'S good. Thank you. Thank you again for all. And see you in the evening for drinks.
I'm sorry to be late. Agnes, yes. Uh thank you, so you did a PowerPoint presentation, good for you. Um and uh I could Yeah the d We haven't um uh specified where the speaker or the microphone will be placed. That depends on the uh s design of the circuit board inside and uh what room is left um Yes, okay. Uh-huh. No, I mean it depends on the design of the circuit board. Maybe I've got my hand in the popcorn bowl and I'm holding my cup of Coca-Cola in the other hand. Mm-hmm. Yeah, y better you pass it around with a napkin. It's um It's um You need to work on the weight a little bit. We're glad you're satisfied. Mm-hmm. Yes, great I I'm surprised. Congratulations. Oh, okay. It's gonna cost a long way to c you know, cost a lot of money to market it, is it? Thirty. Yeah. So that means we can put the uh the L_C_D_ in, yeah. Although customisation, because this is being done, you know, the on on-order basis, it might be uh the the quantity won't m won't uh the circuit board will b you're right, would be in producing quantity, but the cost of the case would uh be fixed at the Uh you got some pretty cheap labour that can do this case for one Euro. That's really that's the cost of the material and lab wow, that's really outstanding. Is this the same one you did before? Okay. Yeah, no kidding. Mayb maybe they already expected something. Could could I go to findings? Uh uh um I would uh like to explore the possibility of using um alternative um delivery and sales channel which would be um to use the internet for promotion and ordering and then to drop-ship the p product to the customer's residence. That way you have no storage, you have no um you do have transportation, still have the labour cost, but you don't have the transport to the uh point of sale. The point of sale is online. Right, like Amazon. In fact, we should sell through Amazon, don't you think? Or eBay, yeah. There's an idea. Going with um Ah, we we're do you know, selling a unique product uh. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. And you can even have an a movie that you can rotate the object and look at the di the only thing that you're missing really is the weight. Mm. We're getting used to that. It's not quite like trying on a shoe, but people are getting used to buying things online that they can't touch before buying. Uh-huh. Great. Works for me. Prototypes, you mean. In um We probably should do some market tests uh once we have the prototypes and do some orders and things like that and test-market it. Any outstanding? No, I'm go ahead. Did you have something? Second generation. Our project doesn't um Ed, d do you know what season of the year or time of the year is the most important for T_V_ remote control sales? Would it be the Christmas season by any chance? Sports season. Which sport season? So so maybe what So I think what we need to do is perhaps to synchronise the final the the launch of a user-tested device with some special event. And and then um so that gives us a little more time perhaps then we anticipated, because I don't know when the World Cup is, but I'm sure there's gonna be one. Or another m major sports event. Probably not the um the football games coming up the end of January. I think that might be a little too aggressive um, but, so, I'm just ig uh pointing out a uh a strategy to uh do some additional user testing pri and then to launch um at a a major sports event or uh perhaps to uh also And to work with motion pictures. There might be some motion pictures that are coming out um that are coming out on D_V_D_ that uh they need to have a m special remote control to work with it, so we could maybe work out a campaign with uh with Sony Pictures for example. Maybe some management has got uh relationships there we can leverage. That's great. Disposable diapers is an example of that in fact. Yes, it is one of the first consumer products that was launched about thirty years that was a disposable consumer product, and uh people the market hadn't really gotten on to the concept that you could use something and then throw it away, 'cause it wasn't uh but then when they re-launched them thirty years later, they were virtually the same design, but people had gotten the throw-away, you know, paper cups and napki y all kinds of things that they hadn't um so, you're right, timing is very important, but I think we've got a good product. That's right. It's gonna be very important to the company. Good luck, Ed. You look very relaxed, considering h you know, the uh the weight on your shoulders, yeah. Sounds good. Thank you. Nice working with you.
Probably. Technical pa I would think. Ha. I don't wanna say. Louder. Yeah. Can also be on the side. No, because y you can easily put a microphone on the side that would have no problem would haven't been not be damaged or anything, and it'd be accessible all the time to voice. Yeah. Compliments to the artist. Uh. Well, the prototype is is very well within the design and ideas that we've we've talked about on the previous meetings. Now it goes into this next phase as the financial uh marketing uh Well we haven't come to mine yet, so we're gonna have a bit of difference of opinion, yes. Well, it just depends on if we're gonna add a o on this pr provisionary cost analysis, we do not have a L_C_ display. L_C_ display is gonna be very expensive, it's gonna be It's not it doesn't say. We don't have the price up there, okay, so if we add approximately two to three Euro per remote, now we're up around about twelve, twelve and a half as to what uh the company had initially uh requested. Um Display in. But as far as production um I'm putting up a question because we're talking about profit also, and in mine you'll see uh the problem with uh our survey, the p the possibility that how many units can be sold, what percentage of the market, etcetera etcetera because that has to be taken in into consideration. Uh this is just production cost, it is not uh advertising cost, it's not transportation cost uh And that will inflate quite a bit the cost of the uh the cost of the unit for the company. So to come up with what the company wants is a fifty million Pound profit, we're gonna have to go a long ways. Yes. Slightly. It's gonna be very hard to reduce. That's not bad. If we can go to to my display. And we'll come back to yours just to give everybody an idea of the market. So now I'm gonna scare everybody out of this project. If I'm still here. Yep. The four gives me it's gotta be uh TrendWatch. No. It shouldn't be if it's not it's not the right one. No, no we g no, that's the same one. You have to go back and find another one. Whatever name it popped up under. Uh functional, try functional, it might not be it either, but we'll see. Yep, that's it. So we'll go screen by screen. Although since uh we need to have some type of idea on a market uh we had independent study that says it this this market has an availability to absorb eight mi eight million units per year. Okay? Our internal company evaluation puts it between eight to nine million which is approximately the same as the independent study. So if we continue, we'll look at the findings. Next screen. Which means that uh if we have a target of two million would the company has to take twenty five percent of the market in the first year, which is actually a tremendous amount. No kidding, yeah. So, if we put an inflated price of fifty Euro at a production cost that cannot exceed twenty-five Euro, okay, we're already in that that price, okay, with transport, promotion, labour, because we hav gi included the promotion in the cost, transport for the material to the stores or whatever how however we're gonna break this down between our our retailers. Twenty-five percent of the market to get to two million units. At two million units, we have to have a profit of twenty-five Euro per unit to get to the fifty million unit Eu Euro profit. Okay? So, obviously we w w I just did a run down the evaluation of the form, the fan uh the fancy stylishness of the of the unit, the ease of use, speech recognition, cost, we've gone through these. Now, the company must evaluate the feasibility of being able to take enough of the market to justify in production. Or we project this over two years, but being that the market changes very very quickly, maybe there's no more interest in buying this thing in eighteen months from now. So, now we have to come up with a decision. Can the company sell two million units? Can it sell it for fifty Euros? S Upscale technology. Well. There are several companies that have gone that way. Weight, the feel of the product, but There are several that have gone through with the watches, too. You can customise a watch, you can see how it is at the f at the end of the production, you can change it uh There's a lot of online that's that is doing this now. And when you're rotating, you'll look behind and look this way uh it's possible to do with this, maybe there's a possibility of selling more than two million units in one year, which could you know, feasibili feasibility uh lower the price of the unit. Well, obviously. Mm that'd have to be thrown out on the market for people to get an idea, to see get get their I think we pretty much covered everything. Well, then it may not be. Like people don't like wood. very specific. Hmm. Right before the Eur the World Cup. World soccer. World Cup soccer, they need those things that they have their hands g occupied and they need to be able to talk to the con remote control. Or any major sports. Yeah, I'm the one who takes the heat. If it's a flop, it's the marketer. Yes. Yes. Stress. Celebration. Very good. Thank you very much. Bye-bye. Yep, okay, see you later on.
Yeah. Thanks. Mm, okay. I've done a presentation, but it pretty much covers work that we've both done, so if I'm missing anything, Christine can just correct me. It's not the biggest PowerPoint presentation in the world, but Three. Um. No it's think it's the last one. No, then this is the la yeah, that one, final design. It is named appropriately, you just couldn't see the name. Um okay, can I have the mouse? Thanks. Alright, so from when we were discussing specifying the case in the last meeting, we decided that we wanted an ergonomic shape, the material that we chose was wood, and uh the colour would be customisable, 'cause you can stain the wood whatever colour. Um, so in terms of function, you have to be able to turn the T_V_ on and off, volume and channel control, menu control, voice recognition control, and we've incorporated the L_C_D_ screen on the flip panel as part of the design, if we figure out it's too expensive, well then you just take it off. Um, so to unveil our lovely product. This is our remote control, with the flip panel as you can see. So if you lift up the panel, you can see the lovely yellow L_C_D_ display. Um, this is actually hard to do. The yellow button you have is the on off button, so it's really big, hard to miss. You have the the red um triangles are the toggles for changing the volume. So up volume up, down volume down. The green are the channel changing. S And it's one of those very light, very touchable displays. And then you have the numeric pad in the dark blue at the bottom, and on the right-hand side you have the access to the menu on the T_V_, and on the left-hand side you have the the the ability to turn off the voice recognition. So this is pretty much what we had on the white board the last time. So. Oh yes. Additional feature on the back is that you can have your own customised backing and I suppose you could do the same thing on the flip case on the front. So that you can really make this a highly highly customisable remote control. Yeah. But it shouldn't be under the flip either, because you can have the remote control closed, but you still might want to activate it by voice. But if you've already got the remote control in your hand you need to open the flip to use the voice, why use the voice, why not just use your hand? I mean the whole point of the voice is that if the remote control is sitting there and I'm too lazy to reach over and pick it up, I can just use my voice. Yeah. And you don't wanna let go of either one. I mean it doesn't have to be on the flip, it can be on the side somewhere. Yeah. So, I mean I can pass this around if anyone wants to Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yes. And maybe the shape of the buttons, the little egg shapes aren't the most economical, but Yeah. I mean this is plasticene. There's only so much you can do. We could have possibly made it a lot thinner as well. But And part of the thing is m a lot of people say that they don't like something that's too light, because they don't feel like they have enough control over it. So I mean maybe this is excessively heavy, but I think it needs to have some weight, it needs to feel like you're still holding something. So that's pretty much it for our presentation actually. Yeah. No we do, but it's not filled in. It's number thirty. Oh, yeah, yeah, you're right, sorry, yes. Um-hmm. Yes. That's no, I think it's the same one. Functional. It looks like it, there's S Yeah. Um-hmm. Mm. I was thinking the same thing, yeah. Directly. Um-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. You can do a shipping centre somewhere, or strategically place shipping centres to minimise distance costs. Yeah. That actually makes more sense if we're gonna make it so highly customisable, 'cause on the web people can look at the different options they have, see maybe what other people have done, what the range of possibility as, whereas if you're in a store, you can't unless you're a highly imaginative person, you may not really know what it is you want, whereas on the web, if you have a bunch of pictures, it can sort of trigger ideas and Yeah. The weight and feel. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. What turnaround time do we have? 'Cause I mean production evaluation can be very very quick or very very long. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Think minimum two weeks if we're gonna develop prototypes and then try to take them to different places and see how people use it's not a trivial task. No no. We definitely shouldn't do it in our factory. What ab Well I was just wondering about if we're gonna do a product evaluation then what about time for redesign if the users come back and tell us no this is bad, this is bad, we want this done differently. The problem is there might not be a second generation if the first generation flops for some silly reason that we haven't thought of. No, but there's a difference between releasing a product that has been minimally tested and fine-tuned to suit a general range of requirements versus releasing a product that we think will work but we don't really have anything to back it up. Yes, but I'm not everybody. I mean the whole point of user evaluation is to see what real people need. We have our own motivations in mind, we have our own ideas in mind, but that doesn't mean that that's what's gonna sell. Yeah, of course. I'm just trying to point out that I think that your evaluation and redesign turnaround time is too short well you have no redesign not you personally, but in the project we have no redesign time and Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah. Mm-hmm. That's actually good place to advertise it too. Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's just something to to keep in mind, 'cause it's really really important. A lot of products have gone out there without being properly user-tested and completely flopped, when in fact it gets re-released a few years down the line with proper testing and it takes off like crazy. Really? That I didn't know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Exactly. Okay. Thanks. Bye.
";"The User Interface Designer presented the prototype of the product to the group. The product featured an LCD display, a flip panel, and a customizable case back. The Project Manager displayed the cost of all of the components, and the group decided that the current budget would not allow the addition of the LCD display. The Project Manager decided to negotiate the cost of production to allow the addition of the display. The Marketing Expert gave a presentation on sales projection and showed that the current projected sales point would probably not allow the project to reach its profit aim. The group also discussed the distribution and promotion of the product on the internet. The User Interface Designer expressed concern that there would not be time under the current plan to make changes to the product resulting from consumer testing; the Project Manager decided that no additional changes would be made. The group then discussed other means of promoting the product: launching the remote at the same time as a large sporting event or DVD release. "
"Okay. Yeah, my name is Francina. And I'm uh an user interface my role is uh the main responsibility is user interface. And my role is to design uh a television remote control. Yes, I'm Francina. Yes, sure. No, Okay. What should I draw? I'm going to draw a snake. How does it look like? Yes. Yeah, I Yes, I I feel that all the remote should be very compact. Yeah, those which we get here nowadays it's very long. And um and it should have multi-purpose. Like uh the remote control which we use for T_V_, it shou uh it should be used f uh for some other purpose also, like controlling the uh temperature inside the house or for air-conditioners, or for heating system. Yes, exactly Yes. Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah, design should be, yeah it should be different. All the almost all the remotes Yes, exactly. Are different shapes. Yes. Yes. Or a b Should ha A fluorescent signal, yeah. Yes. Yeah. And uh Yes. Then, in that case Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Okay. Yes.
Yeah. Yeah. Uh I'm Jeanne-Oui. Um uh my role is industrial designer and my responsibilities are uh uh um deal with the technical-functional designs and specifications of user interface and dealing with user interface design. Snake. Yeah, of course, using remote control. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Yeah. Audio player. Oh. Okay. Hmm. Divides us Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah, maybe ten I do yeah, colours and al shapes also. Yeah. Yeah of course yeah. Yeah. Yeah, some beep or something like that, so that we can go Yeah. Yeah, maybe it should have a light so that we can, we can just recognise where it is. Yeah, yeah. May not be beep. Beep or uh it's a light, maybe it's a light. Yeah, probably yeah, probably it's a yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, of course, that didn't I i we can't do it. Yeah, good point. Me yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it's functional de yeah, exactly, technical. Yeah. Uh working design, yeah, it's it's uh mainly technical-functional design. Yeah, functional design, and you Yeah. Yeah, even I have. Yeah, even I have, I think, yeah. Yeah, so let's see. Hmm. Yeah.
Okay. I think so. Yeah, that's a good plan. And I'm a marketing person. I wanna figure out how to sell them. My name is Eileen. Okay. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm 'kay so Three different types of design that we're gonna be concerned with okay. Functional, conception and detailed. Maybe we should redesign it. After we've finished the remote control we'll get to that. Okay, I'll see what I can do. See if I r See if I remember how to draw a kitty cat or a rabbit or something. So that it will record okay. Um uh um traditional kitty cat. I've a very fat cat. And it likes to sit like that. Okay. Am I supposed to wipe off that or okay. Okay. Uh, okay. I hope the kitty cat is hungry 'cause I don't like snakes. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm 'kay that should keep everybody on their toes and challenged. Profit. Um is fifty mm. Oops. At um twelve fifty Euros per Well who knows if we get a really good designer maybe we can do that. We certainly can try to I agree with her that to market something successfully it should do some more things. That's right. Yeah okay, friendly shape, that would help. I think another thing that would help is um if it beeps when you clap, because I think one of the big things that happens is people lose them. They can't find it. Mm-hmm. So some Uh so, so it's really the beep or, or a light should blink. Mm 'kay. And do you think a good c c um clue for that is that it would respond to a clap or it would respond to your voice or it would respond what what should you have to do to make it beep or blink? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay so Okay. So the light sensor would activate the signal. Mm-hmm. But it could be someplace really obvious and you still wouldn't be able to find it. Well, because you're s because you're silly. Because people are silly. I mean it could be on well, i if it were like on top of your bookcase and you usually kept it on the coffee table um, you know, well maybe we have to move along, okay. Mm-hmm. We have to justify that price by having sufficient features to make it sell at that price. Mm. Okay, I think I have enough to think about 'til our next meeting. How about you people? Really? Okay. 'Kay. Alright, well uh Okay, very good.
Okay. Everybody ready? Uh I think the first thing we do is introduce ourselves and everybody's name and what your function is? So maybe we start with you? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. And your name is? Okay. Very good. And as you already know I am Betty. I am the project manager for today. So why don't we look at the presentation to see what we really are supposed to do. Um. Yes y opening, acquaintance, tool training well, the tools are, I think, we already I guess the tool is really our the computer, as far as I can see. Uh we get ins each of us will get instructions and we'll take it from there. Project plan, that falls under the same heading pretty much. Um, I don't think we have any great discussion at this point. Um. Here is what this thing should be. This thing we are gonna um uh design is a new remote control. Uh should be original, trendy, and, of course, user friendly. So maybe you wanna make some notes of that. Okay? All right. Here is what the functional design is supposed to achieve. Um. That is it's gonna be individual work and then at the meeting we'll discuss what uh we have come up with. The same goes for the conceptual design, there will be individual work whic and then discussion afterwards. Detailed design, same thing basically. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I can't write with this thing. Yes. Yeah, okay. All right? Then, tool training try out the white board, participant can draw their favourite animal. Does anybody want to go and see how the white board works? So that in case we have to, in the next meeting, present something on the white board. You wanna go Eileen and Whether you without hanging yourself. And remember you have to press so it works. Mm-hmm. Fat, a fat cat. Okay. And you're Francine, right? Would you like s like just to see um how it feels, so that you have a little idea? In No, no. No, that's okay. I don't know, we'll get to that later. Okay. Okay. Here's the project finance uh which, of course, we all have to think about when we design this thing. Um selling price is supposed to be twenty five Euro. Uh profit aim for the company is fifty million Euro, the market range unlimited meaning international and the production cost should not exceed hopefully should be less than twelve fifty Euro. Mm-hmm. So these are all things, of course, to remember with the budget and when you design to materials, cost, etcetera. Now, uh the discussion I guess is um does anyone of you have experience with remote control? I exp I s 'cause we we use 'em we use 'em, right, everyday. And um now having used a remote control for years does anybody already have like an idea like things you didn't like with it, things you would like to change, things you would like to improve with this thing ye any first ideas? Would you like it to be smaller, bigger, have more have more buttons on it or maybe clearly better marked buttons, you know, things like that? Small, right. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So it should be a multi-functional uh gadget that would um control all your household uh uh machines basically. Well. It should be something new it should be s it it should do something different than than just what we have. Now, of course, the other thing to think there is maybe the design. Like trendy no like f for earlier we saw maybe it should be something trendy you know. Maybe it should different colours or materials or you know. Um so yeah shapes right, you know, like kidney shape feels better in your hand or something, you know. Yeah. Yes. That is true, because they put a newspaper or they put it behind a plant or, we you know, whatever. And and they suddenly the phone rings and they want to turn the T_V_ off and they say, where the hell is my my remote control yeah? Well or yeah or if it's really, if it's really in a dark spot that it gives out a a sound or a signal. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So if lost If lost uh signal with b throw signal, you know. Exactly, I mean just that's what I'm saying. I'm just saying throw signal meaning just whether it's a beep or whether a light or Okay, my my idea is maybe that the minute it's really hidden, in in other words if it's like in a dark spot, uh meaning you know like a newspaper is on top, a sweater is on top or it it's behind a plant, at that moment it's it's like, it's like um, what you call it a light s sensors, you know? In in that moment it has a sensor, i it it gets a certain darkness, it ge has a sensor and it gives out a signal whether that be a light signal or a beep, I mean, that we can discuss that later, you know. That's right. You know there would be right you have to have some kind of sensor and I I think uh voice or clapping it's not specific enough. Uh I know there are the lamps and stuff, you know, you can clap on and off, but I think they only work to certain degree and What with Oh yeah well, but then those people we can't help everybody. Okay we have uh yeah, we have to move along, but I think we have some good good points to start with here. Okay, the next meeting will be in thirty minutes. I think you all did you get uh notices on your computer for this? Okay so well, you got the notice um uh. The working design, I guess that's the function I_D_ uh who is this? The industrial designer That's you. Okay. So, we looking for a working design when we come back. Then And then the technical funct you are the technical function, so so you are the working design. So you have a working design and then a functional design. And the marketing manager is coming up with some user requirement specification, like friendliness, and what we just discussed in general. That would be your idea. And, of course, price. That it, that it, that the price is a good price. I mean, the price is given, but, that was That's right. That's right. And, you know, specifi you you will get specific um instructions for that. I think that's the end of the show. Yeah. So um we have well, we have a twen two two two three minutes. Um any questions at this point? Or uh suggestions? I think basically basically you will get instructions to work with and if you have any questions uh, uh I guess, you can uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Then uh we see you in about thirty minutes. And see what we can come up with. Okay?
";The meeting opens with the group doing introductions by giving their name and role. Betty is the project manager, Francina is the user interface specialist, Eileen is the marketing expert, and Jeanne is the industrial designer. The project manager tells them they will be designing a new remote control that should be original, trendy, and user-friendly. They will be concerned with functional, conceptional, and detailed design. To try out the whiteboard, each group member draws her favorite animal on the board. They discuss the project budget and then talk about their experiences with remote controls. They seemed to agree that the remote should be compact and have a multi-purpose functions. They also agree that it should do something different that current controls cannot do and that it should be made of different colors, materials, and shapes. They also discuss a way of helping people find the remote when it is lost- a signal, whether it is a beep or light. Then they close the meeting with the project manager going over the tasks they are to complete and telling them they will meet again in about thirty minutes. 
"Okay, is everybody ready? Mm-hmm. Um I take it you all have received instructions as to what you were supposed to do and um I think the Marketing Manager probably should go first, addressing the needs and desires. Yeah, mm-hmm. Okay. You're participant four. Okay, and now I can uh full screen. Uh, okay, okay. Uh okay, can can I at this point interject um something? Um we have received instruction from higher up that certain things should not be uh considered. Um the one thing for example something to eliminate maybe that's the teletext, because that's sort of outdated with the internet, and according to to higher management the it should only control the T_V_, mostly because they feel that it's too comp complex a task to um to to include other things, and they are concerned with the time to market. Okay. Um and the and the third thing that they wanna make sure um that their that the corporate image is being maintained, and that the corporate colour and design are being used on the product, so that it's easy that that that they can be easily identified as a product of of of the company, and that there's no mistake that it could be somebody else who is bringing this out. So I just wanted to interject this here so we're not getting too much off track here with uh with the things we wanna look at. These were instructions from higher up so we have to eliminate uh these things, so it's only gonna be T_V_, but the one thing maybe that could be um eliminated is the teletext uh idea. Mm 'kay. Okay. And uh who would be next, uh, I guess that would be you. Mm-hmm. You want me to get your slide show up? Mm-hmm. And you are number three? Number two. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah yeah, uh-huh. There, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yo and it's yeah but it's so. Yep. Yeah well yeah well that has been e that has been eliminated, so that's that's unfortunately a moot point now. Mm-hmm. Yeah I It just build a mould basically and uh you know. As the budget we're looking at if you build one mould I don't think that's going to make a big difference whether it's gonna be square or Oh yes. I think I think we will have to look at the budget on that but I think in principle that that would be that would be kind of fun, you know. Yeah. Silly for children. Like an animal or Yeah. Yeah, a little elderly, a little arthritic hand you know, and and it's a small button and and it they don't press it exactly you know something else happens n not their favourite channel comes up but something else and they're very frustrated you know. Mm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. Yeah you're sitting there already or maybe you have no other uh Mm-hmm. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Holder, yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, you don't have to. This one? And Francine? You are number two? You're three. Would you want it full full screen? Mm-hmm? Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. On the on on the remote. Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Yes. By your child, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Timer, yeah, mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Uh okay, now I have On my slide show basically we already we have already done the agenda, and uh on the closing uh basically there will be lunch break and all that. However uh the decision we have to take in this meeting is who is our target group. And uh what function, working design, how how does it work. So these are the two things we should come up wit with. So uh the first thing is pro maybe a little easier on uh who is our target group. Um. I guess in many ways everybody. Everybody who has a T_V_. Yeah, and I think today there are probably not many people who don't have a T_V_. There are a few but in general not. Now, talking about the target group which is in a sense everybody, but I think within the target group we have subgroups. We have we have earlier it was mentioned about um for example elderly people who have limited function with their fingers and hands, so I think that's uh one group that's certainly important. Um then we have just the nervous people who can never press a little button on anything um unless it's really very clear. And uh I don't know how much we want to cater to children's use. I mean that's a question um whether that's important that children can really use it or not. So this these are just some thoughts I have on it, and um I dunno what you feel about whether we can just say we have one target group and for this one target group we're gonna design this one thing or whether we're looking at what we like we we talking about different shapes, whether that different shape also includes maybe different uh buttons uh for different groups. Mm-hmm. That has a lot of that has a lot of appeal but I think uh I'm I'm talking about the functionality now on it whether we're looking at different groups. I think the children issue can be addressed with the shape and with colours. You know, like you make it nice and pink, fluorescent, banana colour or whatever you know yeah, for example you know. But the question is really, who is our target group. Do we look at one target group? And with the twenty five Euros you know can we can we afford to have uh I'm asking the technical people here whether um to look at sort of subgroups with maybe different buttons for each group how much would that throw us out of the cost we are supposed to respect? Right. With with Mm-hmm. Well that's that's Yeah. No The the quest the question to be addressed here is only who is the target group and how will it function, and I think the how will it function is probably the question of the buttons you know, within the target group or subgroups. The question is only whether our budget will allow to have more than one design in a sense. I mean the basic design I understand will be the same, but the question is how much will that set us back if let's say uh forty percent we make large buttons and the rest we make regular buttons for example. So that remains to s to be seen but uh the target group as a whole is is basically everybody with a T_V_. Yeah, well that's that's the question. Well maybe there's there's an idea you know t the new for example new portable phones? They have like removable plastic cases, so you can have a striped one or you can have a fluorescent blue one, or whatever, and maybe something like that, that in each package you know you have you you have you have for example uh you have let's say a fluorescent blue on it but then you have uh another colour or stripe whatever that already comes in a package. And then if people really want more colours they can buy it separately. You know, yes. That's right, and but like if if then everybody is is is tired of the fluorescent blue and of the striped or whatever they have as another one in the package, then they can go to the store and for a few uh Francs or Euros whatever they can buy an alternate package with another two colours in it you know for example you know. Well I think I think the idea here is to uh to to d design one remote and what the only change is gonna be um the funct d t yeah uh the functional functional cosmetics if you want to put it that way, um having maybe larger buttons or buttons that light up or buttons that are slightly differently shaped for people uh either for children um Five minutes that was I guess tha that's the old message. Finish meeting now. Um um. But I think I I think to sum it up the target group is basically everybody. If money permits we can address some features for some subgroups within that. Do we agree, do we? Do we agree on on that in principle, like money will tell whether we will be able to do that or not. Okay? So now I understand it's lunch break. And um. So that's what we will do. So hank you very much. And we'll see you after lunch.
Yes. Okay. Okay. What features. S sellable. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Receive. Multi-purpose. Eliminated. Mm-hmm colours. Yes exactly. Yes. Like a doll, or Yes. Yes. Okay. Something else. Channels. Yes. Yes. Mm yeah. Yes. Hmm. Okay. To keep the remote? Yeah. A case holder. A holder remote holder. Participant two. Yes. No no, I'm three. I can make it full? Yes yes yes. Okay. As uh User Interface Designer I did a little research to find out what are the features which a user would like to have on their remote. Yeah can you please go onto the next slide? So I found out that uh but uh the main purpose of a remote is to uh f control the function of a television at a far off distance at remote distance. Now for that, uh a remote controller should have a switch on off button by which a user can sit anywhere in the room in front of the T_V_ and he can control the functionalities different functionalities of the T_V_. There should be a signal uh something like a radio wave or a infrared light or a LED which can be used to change the different functionalities in the television if the user wants to uh change the channels or increase the volume he can change it. Now there should be some timer to set for viewing a particular a particular programme or switching on and off a uh a particular programme according to the user choice. Yes. Yes. So if if he want to view a particular programme at say nine o'clock he can set the time, and the T_V_ will automatically it will switch on at that particular time. So he can use that kind of uh uh properties of features and then there should be a child lock system if a particular channel is not to be viewed by a particular uh for a certain age, then the parents can lock that particular channel so that the ch children cannot view that channel. And uh the uh the uh and the one of the feature a user would like to have is the compactness of the co remote. Uh t the remote should be compact and it should ha it should have as many buttons as possible for controlling different functionalities of the T_V_ television. And um uh as uh uh this is my personal preference that it should be in the shape of a T_ in alphabet for more compactability. And uh and uh and it is one more point which I noted it down, like uh the material which which which is used for remotes should be human friendly it should not cause any skin disease or something some al allergy to either children or to um ad adult person. And it should have an uh it can have an alarm clock a a person if some if somebody wants to get up at around eight eight P_M_ then he can set the time and it can be used as an alarm clock, and I don't think it will cost much to set an alarm clock inside a remote. Yes, and as John Reece said the buttons can be, uh can me we can use the fluorescence to light up the buttons so different uh buttons will glow differently. So in even in the dark the user can know what buttons to use to switch on a particular channel. And uh uh the design of the uh um remote should be in such a way that there should not be any sharp projections so that if a child plays with a remote, he uh he should not be harmed in any way. And findings, uh I found out uh y um on different sites that uh there are different remotes which can be used, there are remotes which use the infrared for controlling the different functionalities, there are remotes which use the radio waves to control the functions and there are uh So uh there you have different uh types of remotes for different light source which are used which can be used for controlling the different functionalities of a television. Next slide. And these are my few personal preferences like it can be used for a multipurpose use. Not, uh no uh like it can it can be used as a T_V_ control as plus an alarm clock to set an alarm a timing and it should have a child lock, and then to save electricity uh there should not be uh much s move uh lots of circuits and all that. And if a person if if if parents wants the television to be switched off by ten o'clock then it should be switched off ten o at ten o'clock automatically, so that nobody else comes later and use it. Timer. Yeah and then you can use a timer as well. Yes. Yeah that's it. Okay. T_V_ television we was. Mm-hmm. Different colours. Yes. Okay. No uh generally we can we can design a remote which is mainly for people with uh f age from ten to um forty and and then we can add on uh specific functional buttons for children as well as the elderly people or the people wit with who have nervous problems, yes. But in a family in a family there will be a aged person, children and a middle aged but they cannot buy three different remotes. They would like to buy just one and um just one which can be used all the three uh Cost effective. Okay. Yes. Okay. Um Yes. But uh yeah I I have a doubt like will it be cost wise effective if we if we design a remote having all the uh different features for different people or designing three different um remotes for three different categories of people. Okay. Of th okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, mm-hmm. Yes. Okay.
Yeah I'd to just put on my microphone here and I'll be right with you. Okay? Okay you want me to start right now? Okay. Well, could you um put my slides up 'cause I think it might be helpful if uh we looked at the slides at the same time. I'm participant four I believe. Yes uh-huh. 'Kay. There we go. Okay well I think we have introduced ourselves, so the functional requirements are is is part of my goal but why don't we pass right to the second slide. Cause that's where m my discussion starts. Right well um since I'm in charge of trying to figure out what we should put on this thing since I have to try to sell it. Um I thought that the method I should follow would be gather suggestions from everybody, and th the reason I just put that there like that is that uh in the init in the initial stage I think I should just be open to lots of suggestions. You know you can say anything you want no matter how silly it sounds you know it should run your car, it should heat up your motor if should um turn on your C_D_ whatever you want it to do um and then as we go on what we'll have to do is accept and eliminate these suggestions according to um design and budget feasibility. So I'll be coming to you um frequently as the Industrial Expert to tell me how hard it's gonna be to add a feature or how expensive it's gonna be or if your time, if it takes five years to develop this it's just something we can't do. So in the beginning just have a big puddle of things that we anybody can th throw anything in and then just weed things out that can't be done for one reason or another, and then the things that seem the most attractive that to uh to a customer we'll try to then prioritise those. So that was um what I meant there, and as I said on the slide there consulting the Industrial Engineer about that and the other thing is timing is really gonna be as important as money, because if we're gonna sell this thing, I think the best time to sell it is as a Christmas present. Twenty five Euros makes a nice little present, and we want it to be an impulse purchase, we want somebody to see it and think it's, gee I just gotta have that. And take out their wallet and buy it. So it's gotta be really attractive and it but it's gotta go to market by September, 'cause anything that you don't already have out there in September showing it around, isn't gonna sell for Christmas. Um and then I'll be coming to you as the User Interface person to try to tell me from your point of view what are the most friendly features that we could put on it and try to prior help me with that prioritising of uh of the features and of the the look and the colour and I'll be coming back to you to help weed out those suggestions from that point of view. So I'll be coming to you for how much is it gonna cost us and how long is it gonna take you, and I'll be coming to you to tell me what's gonna make somebody take out their wallet you know, what what's what's gonna really be what they call a sizzle, 'cause we gotta sell this sizzle. A lot of times the thing that works the best from an engineering point of view isn't the thing that somebody's really just gonna take out their wallet and buy for Christmas for for their child or for their husband or whatever. Okay can we go to the next slide please? Alright I I already did a little bit of research after our first meeting where we threw out some ideas and it looks to me that within the budget that we're looking at the uh the whole house idea really isn't gonna be possible. So I'd like your suggestions to come back to the other slide where I was saying we we could suggest anything. I'd like the suggestions to be really specific, so that we'll have a list of things we can cross off, not something like you know whole house control what'll be And then I found on the internet from from my research that some extended electronic entertainment control should be possible. At the budget that we're looking at and at the price point we're looking at, we should be able to make it work the T_V_, the V_C_R_, the stereo set um maybe something else cute like a coffee pot or one other appliance or maybe a lamp. I have to wind up? Yeah, sure. Okay. Okay. Of course, yeah. Okay, so that's something Okay so Okay. Alright, thanks for that. Um alright now other things that I found out on in my research is that the complaints that people have about the remote controls that are out there now. 'Cause a lot of them take too much time to learn how to use, and that was thirty four percent but even more important the thing that we did address in our last meeting that frequently it's lost somewhere in the room. Um so those are two things that we definitely do wanna address, uh we wanna s make it as simple as possible, we wanna make it um obvious and intuitive to use, and then the things about finding it we talked about the a light emitting thing as well as uh maybe a beep, and I think that those are things after my research that we definitely wanna try to incorporate. 'Kay can we go to the next slide please? Okay, so, my personal preferences in this um project are really have to concentrate on the sizzle. That is the selling point, the thing that's gonna make it an impulse purchase. Uh because once there's no be-back, well in sales they always say you know, be-backs don't come back. If somebody says, oh I'll come back and get it next week you're dead. They're never gonna come back and buy it. You've gotta make it attractive enough so they buy it now now now w now is a big word in in my book for selling this thing. And, in order to make it really sellable we've gotta shorten the learning curve, make sure it's really intuitive and easy to use. We have to have as few buttons as possible, because more buttons is more confusion, so that's why I'm saying, simplicity is good. Finding it's important, obviously you can't use it if you can't find it. So we've gotta concentrate on the features that help you find it, and I've already said this several times but I put it down in writing here, it should be an attractive impulse purchase at twenty five Euros. So it has to have enough value that when somebody looks at it they say, uh twenty five Euros I'm not gonna take that. Has to be so great that they're gonna say, uh twenty five Euros isn't much. Um and then maybe a motto, like we put fashion in electronics might be something we can use in our marketing campaign. Okay that's uh about it for me right now. Okay. Mm-hmm. Signal. Mm-hmm. Yeah well that's already been eliminated by management, so we're off the hook. Mm okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well we already eliminated that. Now that's good from a marketing point of view, the fun the fun shape. And that you you say that won't add too much to the budget? To d the shape is uh Do you think there's any chance of um having ser in having basically the same machine with the same buttons but maybe several different shapes? Is that gonna be a possible? 'Cause that might help with the marketing. Because we had something sort of sexy for adults and we could have something sort of silly for children or a little animal shape or in a or a little elephant so they can remember where it is. Mm. Well, I think I think that that's something that we'll have to discuss um with the User Interface person because I think there's a lot of argument to be made for one button for one feature. Because I think one of the things were complaining about in my what I found out in my research is when they complained about how hard it is to learn a new one. The changing modes was something I mean you and I, all f all four of us we work with computers all the time, changing modes is nothing for us, but people who N and And that's and that's the kind of thing people learn by feel, and um you don't feel the mode change. So um maybe having buttons be various shapes might be a help too. You know, like the a triangle is for the volume and a square is for changing channels, so that people can uh develop a tactile sense of it. But we'll get to that with you. That's right, yeah. Now that's a good point. Yeah. Yeah, that's that's a good that's a good one, because the clock would be really friendly, and and when is your favourite show coming on and Yeah, and a lot of time there's not a clock on the screen, and you have to go somewhere but you just wanna look at the news for a minute. Yeah that's that's good, the clock is good. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Case. So it um we should visit this site and have a look at uh what's up there? Or Okay. Okay. So it might be helpful if we had a look at that. Okay, thank you. Could you go back to that slide where she had that uh s slide up Betsy? Yeah, okay, thank you. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm, 'kay. And an alarm clock, yeah that should that should be okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well you know there's the old motto, children under six never shop alone. So if you've designed something that's very attractive to children um the mummy please mummy please um you know we want it now we wanna go to the store and see it um that has uh a lot of marketing pull. Mm-hmm. That's right. You can make a banana shaped one. Mm-hmm. Respect. Mm. What about the electronics? That's not really gonna change much, is it? That that w that won't change much, will it uh? I d I wouldn't think so. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's right, and can we can we is it even feasible to make one one remote control with something for everyone, or would we have to use the same electronics and make three different shapes? Um the same electronics and basically all that's gonna be different is the plastic case. And in that case we could probabl moulded plastic isn't all that expensive is it? Um you as an industrial person? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well there's a real idea yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Right. Mm-hmm. Uh yeah. An alternate package. Yeah. Okay. Well I think we can only aff, yeah. Cosmetic. Warning, finish meeting now. Well we may have to come back to one or two of these points at our next meeting but um Mm-hmm. Okay but we have to l Okay, fair enough. Okay.
Yeah? Mm? Open. And then full screen. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm hmm. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Complicated, yeah, of course. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah 'kay. Yeah yeah sure. Thank you. Number two, yeah. Yeah exactly. Uh can you make it uh full screen please? No, it's like a well you you have to press here. The cup cup shape here? The thir third. Yeah exactly. Uh so today I'm going to talk about the working design of the remote controller. Um can you go to the next sli slide please? The metal is like uh in a remote controller you have a chip integrated circuit which is like a brain of the remote controller. It takes the power from a battery say a battery it it can be a elec an electric supply like you have to uh like uh switch connec connect connect your remote controller to uh power supply from the you know electricity or something like that. It should be a battery because uh uh remote controller should be like you you you should take it t to wherever you want and then um uh th this integrated circuitry takes energy from the power source and whatever like if you press a button it's like a input for the remote controller and it takes the input and it it transforms into a infro infrared bits and it sends it into the device, like a T_V_ or a air conditioner, something like that so. Uh a remote controller is specifically designed to a single device. If you want to design it for multiple devices then you should make all the devices compatible with the frequency like uh th the remote controller it sends some bits some uh waves like with a particular frequency the device should know what the frequency is. It should re re recognise the uh waves which are coming from the remote controller and it should take the action like if you press a button channel or something like that then uh the remote uh remote controller will send a send a se send a signal, and the T_V_ it should translate that into like change the channel or something like that, change the volume control and uh so uh I think it's hard to design a remote controller for multiple uh devices. Uh yeah. Um. So uh user interface controls the chip and accordingly the messages like there should be a user user in interface like you know switch pad or something like that buttons should be there. So uh you can control whatever you want, you want to change the channel you want to control the volume you you want to uh mute uh mute the uh T_V_ or you want to have a child lock or you want to do some operations there's a there should be some device to tell what to do to the uh in uh integrated circuit so that the integrated circuit can s send the signals and T_V_ can perform the actions. So can you go to the next slide please? So I I just would like to uh add some extra features to the remote controller um I think these are the very simple features and uh they don't take much uh uh much of the um um investment also, it's like el the text or buttons which uh which are there on the uh remote controller they those we can make uh um like fluorescent uh they'll be like light emitting if it is dark so that you can find your remote controller if it is dark. And ther there should be a beep if many buttons are pressed if suppose a child is playing with the remote controller and a and she she or he is pressing the buttons all at the time then there should be a beep saying that it's this this is not a a you know a a action, there can be no action taking to that so. And there should be a child lock, like uh uh you should be able to lock your remote controller so that uh um whatever buttons are pressed by a child they can't be like y you i you if you have ki kids and all then they'll be pl playing with the remote controllers so can lock the remote controller. If make it useable for more than one device it's a it's hard but I think it's possible but it uh yeah yeah yeah so it's it's okay, yeah, yeah. And uh different shapes that we can do like uh we can have you know a all animals shapes or you know comfortable uh whi which can fit into your hands and um so that uh Yeah, yeah, yeah and colours also, different colours, and No no no, it won't uh I don't think it will be like, you can have you know for uh if you want ther there to be more Yeah yeah. It's it's just a s shape so it doesn't matter. Yeah. Yeah that is also possible I uh yeah I I yeah. Yeah that will be Yeah yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, for children, yeah exactly. Yeah, that's what, yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And and the butto buttons also I think if you want to have more features in your remote controller then there should be more buttons. If there are more buttons then it will be more complicated. If you have less features then your remote controller won't be attractive, so I think uh we need to make some buttons which are which are like um uh f in uh in intended for two or three operations, like if you press one button in one mode then it will change the channel, if you press the other button in another mode it will change the colour. So if you want to have less buttons we can have that option but I think it will complicate the matter more I think so. Yep, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, it's like you know yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, yes. Yeah, yeah you don't us yeah yeah, usually. Yeah. Yeah shapes also, different shapes. Yeah that will Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, and also text should be very clear so that there there won't be any ambiguities and uh So yeah. And uh display clock i if you want more features then we can display a clock it I I don't think it will take any money extra money because anyway we have an integrated circuit I think we can just definitely fit that feature into the circuit so it's Yeah, and we display a clock. Yeah. Yeah, and then you can just see your remote controller yeah yeah yeah so Yeah. Yeah. Uh can you go to the next slide please? Uh components uh the main components we need for uh it ha like buttons and uh underneath that there should be switch. And uh bulbs. Like uh we can have a bulb like whenever we are operating a remote controller or uh whenever the T_V_ is on suppose, then the remote controller should automatically have a b s light. Then it will be like if you switch on your T_V_ through anoth another source, not from through a remote remote controller and you you lost your remote controller maybe you can find with the light. Maybe we can have that. Whenever the T_V_ is on, remote controller will have a light. And then uh infrared bulbs. Um this is like uh when it is dark. And battery, there should be a battery for power supply, and a chip, chip which is like a brain to the remote controller which does all the operations, and wires connecting all chips, which is uh lights, everything, so there should be wires. And uh uh of course there should be a case where we can keep all the things and, you know different shapes or whatever it is there should be a case to put to give a shape. Yeah. Yeah, holder. Um uh can you move onto the next slide. Um next sli slide please. Um I have referred the site uh the homepage of the um our website, uh from where I have uh uh I got s few points. That's it, that's it from me now. Um. Uh it's not like that, I have referred the page to get new ideas or like what can be the working design to how it works and all and so and so. Yeah if you want. Yeah, it's okay. Uh, it's actually there now, there on the screen. Mm. Yeah, sure. If there is a clock then there can be a alarm clock. Hmm. It's like a t okay, it's like a timer it's like a lock to the television. Mm, T_V_, yeah. Don't T_V_, yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. We can design different remotes for different people, like for aged people there will be big buttons and you know. yeah. Children and everybody, yeah. Yeah of course that we can do, but specifically if y if like elderly people want big buttons then you can't really make a bi big remote controller so maybe specifically you can design a big con remote controller for elderly and for children, like in a different you know. No, it it doesn't cost, yeah. Yeah. Doesn't doesn't doesn't matter. Yeah. Hmm hmm. Uh no. Mm, I I I don't think no. It's not. Hmm. Yeah, like for mobile phones we have uh different you know covers, like designs and all so that w we can have that. Yeah. Yeah, but uh Yeah. Yeah, maybe, yeah, yeah. If we do some more research, maybe we. Hmm yeah, I think maybe seventy percent is a unique uh uh remote controller and thirty percent is yeah it's sort of like yeah. Yeah, yeah, of course, yeah. Mm-hmm. Thank you.
";The meeting begins and the marketing expert starts her presentation promptly, telling them that her research shows they need a focus- it is not possible to make a device that works on the whole house. The project manager steps in and informs them that they have instructions to eliminate the teletext idea because it is too complicated, and also said they must maintain the corporate image by using corporate designs and colors. The marketing expert resumes, talking about how remotes often get lost and that a light emitter might be useful. The industrial designer gives her presentation, talking about components, materials, and energy sources. They discuss giving the control different shapes to suit both adults and children, making the buttons various shapes, and putting a display clock on the control. The interface designer presents, talking about the features users like on a remote and suggesting that they make the remote a T-shape and add an alarm clock function. They discuss their target group and the possibility of removable plastic cases. They close the meeting deciding to do more research on the plastic cases. 
"Hi. Mm-hmm. Interface designer. Yes. Yes. Okay, I can start first. Okay. Now my slide, please. Three. Participant three. Yes. Okay. Now as an interface designer, I would give more emphasis on the interface, how the remote looks like so that it is sellable, it is attractive to customers. Next, please. Okay. Now the function of a remote is to send messages to the television. This messages could be uh switch on-off message or switch to next channel message or swapping the channels or switching onto a particular channel, like you can have the numbers one, two, three, four, up to nine. Pardon me? Yes, nine numbers. And then you have swapping of uh button by which using which you can swap the channels if you don't want to see the third channel you can swap it to the fourth channel or vice versa. Then it should have a next button, and next button channel by which you can keep on uh v uh mm eh scrolling the channels one by one. Next slide, please. Then you should have a button which should which ca which can be used for increasing or decreasing the volume. Then, there should be a button which can give subtitles for a particular program which is going on a television. For example, if you are watching a French program and you would like to have a subtitles in English, then there should be a channel which can trigger this mechanism in the television so that the user can see uh the the subtitles on the screen. Then there should d uh there should be some buttons which can control features like the colour, colour of the picture, the contrast, sharpness, brightness of the picture. Now there should be a memory switch. There should be a mute button. Suddenly if if if uh uh viewer he gets a telephone call, and if he want he doesn't want to switch off the uh T_V_, but he he can reduce the sound, he can bring the volume down and he can watch he can uh while talking he can watch the T_V_. Now the most important feature I would like to have in my remote would be the speech recognition feature. It's an integrated progra programmable sample sensor speaker unit. So a remote can be th can be uh designed which can have the voice recognisers, you can record your own voice which can be recognised by as voice recogniser in the television, for example, if you want to see we if you want to see the ninth channel if you say just say ninth channel, uh th now the the uh yeah, the remote will automatically it will switch to the ninth channel. So the T_V_ will have some recogniser which will recognise the user's voice and accordingly it will change its functionalities. So this is one of the very important feature a remote control can have. So this is one one of the interface which can be created. A very simple interface which has all the t uh uh important features. Then, please, next slide. Then, these are some of the remotes which are different in shape and colour, but they have many buttons. So uh sometimes the user finds it very difficult to recognise which button is for what function and all that. So you can you can design an interface which is very simple, and which is user-friendly. Even a kid can use that. So can you go on t t uh to the next slide. Yeah, so this is one of the interface or one of the remote which has this vi voice recogniser. And this has multi-purpose use, it can be used for T_V_, it can be used for cable-satellite, it can be used for V_C_R_, D_V_D_s and audio. And this has in-built voice recogniser. Can you go on to the next slide? Yeah, now this is an interface for a chil uh for a remote uh uh which a child can use. Uh this is user-friendly, it's very attractive and uh children can use it as well as they can play with it. And this comes with different colours, different shapes. And this this uh child uh interface has minimum buttons and all the important uh buttons are there in this small, compact, attractive child interface. Next slide, please. Now this is a big over-sized remote which cannot be misplaced or it's impossible to misplace. this. So this is No this is a very big, you cannot misplace it anywhere. So this is a jumbo universal remote control and it's impossible to im misplace or lose. This i this is one such interface which can be created. And the personal preference uh would be a spe uh uh to incorporate speech recognisers uh which will respond to user's voice for a particular uh function. Thank you, that's Mm yes. Okay. Okay. We can. It works. Mm yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Transmit. Okay. Okay. Push-buttons. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Uh yes, I would like to include this feature which is called as voice recogniser. This could be uh one feature which could be sellable. Mm-hmm. No, it's it's, uh yeah, it it's like your recording of uh all uh um a question already, and then you're expecting an answer from th For example, you have a T_V_ system, I'm the user and my family members are the user, I will already record uh a question like, uh good morning, like around eight o'clock I want to see the news in the television. So I'll say just good morning and the T_V_ will switch on. It will recognise my voice and will switch on. Battery. Yes. Yes. And compact. Trendy design and compact. Yes. Push-buttons. And Supplements like different types of features buttons, like can have a f mute button or a swapping button. Recogniser. Yes. Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Hi. Yeah, I think that pretty much is it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You don't know me. I could lose that in a minute. Well, um looks like we still have quite a choice of things out there. Um what uh I'm No suggestion's bad. But uh we're gonna have to narrow it down a little more. I don't think that we can get uh The T-shape is good, the child one is good, the too big to misplace, I think it's just funny. Um I don't think that's gonna be our impulse purchase at the checkout counter. It's it's gonna be a little bit too unwieldy. Yeah mm. Mm-hmm. Have to come back to that later. Okay. No, I think her presentation was good, and she really explored all the options. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Good point. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. Okay. Hmm, that's interesting. Uh yeah, on the scroll and the push-button, um ca you can achieve scrolling by repeatedly pushing a button? Mm-hmm. Um. We'll just go for push buttons for in the interest of cost. Okay. Okay. Go right to my first my next slide. Um alright, my method is uh I'm interested in what the competition is doing, and wanna see how we can make ourselves different from the competition, so I've really been looking at the press and the ads that are out there for other remote controllers. I s I spend a lot of time on the internet um surfing around doing the same thing. And then when I'm out um in people's houses or at meetings or anything like that, I try to notice what kind of remote controls people have, and if it's convenient in the conversation I ask about it. And I would encourage you all to do the same. Um and my findings from this is that, you know, small is beautiful. Um people like something that really fits in their hand. Simple is beautiful. They don't want to have to squint at small print um, they want buttons whose functions are obvious, and they want um as few buttons as possible, and they don't care for the mode thing. They want each button to do something. And eye-catching is important. It's gotta look cute, it's gotta look appealing. Go ahead, I'm trying to finish fast for you. Um and our preference is, as far as I'm concerned, are we got to get to the market before the competition. Ours has to be look really great and it has to come out before the others, so that we have a leg up on time to sell it and push it before other people get out their Christmas item. And we should develop one or two features we can really dwell on in our ad campaign. If we try to tell people it has too many great features, um the consumer just gets confused and we don't get anywhere. So we've gotta narrow our selection down to li two things, I think, that we gonna say are really great about our our our new product. And I've been looking around um at what designs every year different things are popular. And in my research this year I found out that fruit and vegetable shapes are really popular. And people are tired of hard plastic and hard metal. They are more back into soft feel, spongy feeling things, things with maybe a little cloth on them. So those are things maybe we wanna look at as far as saleability of the item. Mm-hmm. You wanna try to come back to yours, and limit yours a bit? Okay. So speech recognition is most important as far as you're concerned? Yeah h that could that could that could be our star feature. That that be really good, yeah, I agree with that. Distance problem? Uh. I think I think battery, and I think we all agreed on that. That that's that's gonna be most cost-effective and the best thing. Yep. Bright, colourful, trendy trendy design, and strong. Mm-hmm. Well, I think that Yeah, or or like her speech recognition would also be a supplement. Her speech recognition feature would be a supplement. Okay, so why don't we put down speech recognition if possible pending some more research from our industrial engineer on how expensive that is. Okay. Wherever they're hiding?
Hi. Yeah, good. Hmm. Yeah. Going to the nex next. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe. Participant two. Uh the next one, sorry. It's it was the old one. Components. Um this time I'm I'm going to um concentrate more on the components and the technical side of the remote controller design. Uh, can you go on to the next slide, please. I have just brief uh down few uh components which we require for the remote control uh construction. Uh the first one is case to keep all the components like integrated circuit, battery, etcetera, etcetera, it's like Uh it can be a plastic one, hard plastic, so that it can be strong, even if you just uh uh, you know, if you if it falls down, then it doesn't break. So it should be strong. And uh uh there are no harmful materials used in that. And it should be recyclable. Uh and uh, yeah, and also uh using of colouring compon components like uh if we want to have different colours, blue, red, green, so uh uh we have to use uh some colouring compone compone components. And uh the second important thing is uh uh uh integrated circuit. Uh which uh we can use a highly sophisticated one because it's like the it's like the heart of the remote controller. If it is not efficient then everything wi is going to be uh like um the lef ess less efficient so it you should we should have a highly sophisticated one. And it should be resistant to high as well as uh low temperatures. Suppose if it is thirty-eight degrees outside forty degrees outside, it should it should uh be able to re uh resist the uh temperature uh uh highs and uh high temperatures and low temperatures. And uh it should be with uh um equipped with timer and alarm facility. And the uh other component we should uh we have in the remote controller is a resistor uh which is like uh uh i it is very very much important for the electricity uh flow through through through the uh remote controller and uh also a capacitor which is a b which is a m I think it's it's like a battery, capacitor. Can you go on to the next slide, please? Uh a diode, a transistor, a resonator, these are all this uh technical uh electri electronic compons uh components which are which we have to use in a remote controller. A battery uh, I would like to suggest one thing uh if we uh if we will be able to make a res rechargeable battery then we sh we need not go for a high performance battery, even if it is a low performance battery it ca it can't l it can't charge much. It it it's not a high voltage battery. Then also we can If it is a rechargeable one, then uh people can use it for a long time, so in that way we can cut cut the cost, but w uh uh that we have to make the battery as rechargeable one. And we we have a circuit board uh in a remote controller. Can you go to the next slide, please. And how it works, how the remote controller works. When you press a button Thank you. Uh when you press a button, when you do that, you complete a specific connection that means when you when you press a button there will be a s a small circuit underneath the button, and it will send some signals through the wires, and then uh the chip will send start connection and knows that which button is pressed. Suppose you have pressed channel one button, number one you have pressed, then the uh chip will know that the number one button was pressed. It pros produces a mors morse code line signal specific to that button. Every button, every individual button, has its own morse code. Suppose uh the uh user has pressed butto button one, then it will have a spe the circuit will generate a specific morse code to b that that button, and the transistor will amplify the signal and send then to the L_E_D_ which translates the signal into infrared light. Like you have got a signal by pressing a button. That's a d a morse code has been generated by the integrated circuit. Now, that signal, that morse code, has to be amplified by the transistor. That is the use of transist transistor we which we use in the remote controller. It will amplify the signal and it will send it to the L_E_D_ and which translates the signal into an infra infrared bits. The sensor on the T_V_ can see the infrared light, and seeing the signal seeing the signal re it reacts appropriately, that when it sees the amplified mo morse code signal, then it will uh it will uh know which uh what what action it has to uh do. Then it will do the appropriate action. So uh this is how the remote controller works. Can you go to the next slide, please. Yeah, I have few pictures. When you look at the uh um remote controller uh it's it's it this is a normal remote controller. And to the next slide, please. And where we had a a few buttons and all. And uh if you open the remote controller you have this circui circuit board and few electronic components, like you can see a chip there which is having eighteen pins, and also a capac uh a capacitor, three resistors and also a resonator uh um mm yeah, and di and a diode transistor. The electronic components uh all of the electronic components have all those uh things like a chip and d diode transistors an Yeah, di um can y uh you can see the T_A_ double one eight three five labelled uh chip um. Uh you can also see the uh uh the green two green things are uh these are they are they are resistors, and uh just beside that you can see a transistor, and a uh uh cylinder shape, uh that one is a capacitor. Uh and also there are uh um resistors uh sorry, ther there is a diode. Can you go go on to the next slide. So uh this is the circuit board. The green one is a circuit board. Actually, uh building a circuit bo board is pretty pretty uh easy and also it's a it's a l l inexpensive. Uh it's it costs less than what you print on a paper, because uh uh when you when you are building uh some circuits some um uh circuits and also wires, it's it's better to go for printing, because uh you can build these kind of k circuit boards on a on a bulk and it's just printing, nothing like uh, you know, you don't need to use wires and all. It's not exactly wires we are using. It's just printing something on a board. Tha tho those prints will acti act as wires and ci uh circuits. So th that green uh thing is a circuit board, and also you can see uh there are b s like uh um access for buttons, like when you press a button, the circuit under the button will be activated uh th it will it will he get some signals from it and it will uh it will ch its ch se send a signal signals to the, yeah, um integrated circuit. Can you go to the next slide, please. Uh so this is these are the circuits un underneath the buttons. Uh can you see the black uh, round marks? They they are the circuits. Next, please. And um like uh we have uh designed uh before we have seen some uh few things like instead off buttons we have some scrolls. Uh b but a b a push-button requires a simple chip underneath it, but whereas a scroll wheel requires normally a regular chip which is a higher price range. Like for s scrolls we have to go for a sophisticated and and k uh uh uh full a complete chip. Uh and a as energy source we offer a basic battery, a more ingenious uh hard dynamo, um a kinetic provision of energy, more than what is that you shake casually to provide energy. So that also we can have in a battery, uh or we can use solar sells. Uh. Yeah. Uh yeah uh the product can be de delivered into different cases. Uh usually, the cases and card flat that w we see usually uh d uh a normal remote controller. Um. Yeah. Yeah, maybe d uh I have just one more slide, I think. Um. Like we can have a ma material such as plastic, rubber, wood, titanium, but titanium we can't use. Um and also for electronics we can use a simple and regular um re or an advanced chip on the print, um also infra it includes the infrared se sender. Um yeah the uh for the movie just to j develop uh samples and so spe sample speaker. An Yeah, that's it. It's all for me now, thank you. No, no, no, th the the the scrolling wheels are different, like you can go for a sw switches like buttons or scrolls, uh which which we used to do before ten ten years before, I think. Now, nobody uses that because you need you need a a k sophisticated chip and all. So I think it's better we go for uh um ordinary buttons. Yeah uh yeah, push-buttons. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but w Yeah. Yeah, but but I what I'm uh very very much doubtful how how uh far it will work, because a speech recogniser like i it it has its own uh uh problems, issues. Yeah, it's not distance problem it it's recognising a person's voice, like maybe different people will be having different voices, so it like it's uh everything so i So to get a good recogni recognising system, it's a costly thing, I think. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And also strong. Trendy, yeah. Uh. Um like the switches, like we use buttons for user interface. Push-buttons. Yeah. Mm yeah. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Thank you.
Okay. Hello everyone. Um how uh how we doing? Uh first we going uh over the minutes of the last meeting, more or less. Um in the last meeting uh the marketing manager had presented uh her method of working, meaning gathering i suggestions from everyone to see how she best could market uh this this product at the within the budget uh that was given. Uh in general the idea is that it should be something that is not difficult to use. Um it's also an item that people lose a lot. So we should address that. And, of course, it should be something s s that is very simple to use. In addition to that to make it sell, of course, uh the marketing manager w wishes that it be very attractive, or like she says put some sizzle into it in one way or another so that the people are buying it now because, in particular with smaller items, that's a very important fact, 'cause um if they say, well, I go home and think about it, that won't work. Um also mentioned was it should be uh it should have a very short learning curve. And maybe it could be sold by using a slogan. Our technical manager has then said that she feels it should have a chip that has infra-red bits and it has an interface controls w interface that controls the chip. Therefore, messages uh will be controlled in the same manner. There should be extra features like lid buttons, maybe a beep. If too many buttons are pressed, mm uh uh child lock um and uh maybe a display clock so that people could um you could see the time, you know, what show they want to watch. Also mentioned was uh maybe different shapes. So the components of the thing should be button, bulbs, infra infra-red bulbs, battery, chips, wires, and maybe some kind of a holder uh for the for the uh item. Francino who is our um interface designer um uh has mentioned that the that it, of course, should have an on-off button, and also has mentioned an interesting feature that it should have maybe a channel lock. Particularly with maybe small children that they couldn't uh watch a channel that is undesirable. It should be compact. Her personal favourite was it should be T-shaped. And maybe have an anar alarm-clock. And the material should possibly be not of non-allergic nature. Uh the different systems uh that exist are infra-red or radio-waves. Uh maybe it should have uh electri electrici electricity saving feature. And even possibly a timer to so that people can program their favourite uh uh program on th right from the remote. Uh are we all in agreement that that's about what we discussed last time? Okay. Okay, then we I'm looking for three presentations. And uh I don't know whether the order matters much uh, I don't I don't think so, so whoever w wants Yeah, okay. Okay, your slides. Okay. Oh, come on, close already. And that's number two, right? Three. Okay. Nine what? Nine channel uh switches? Nine channel switches? Is Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Mm-hmm. Okay, thank you very much. Uh any comments on uh her presentation? Yeah, I I th I think No, I think the these are her presentations, but uh as far as the decision making we getting to that after after but if I just wanted to know whether anybody had any any anything to add to her presentation. Mm right. Mm-hmm. Ho who wants to go next um? Mm-hmm. Okay, and you Uh okay. Oops. The components design. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Go away. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. And you have more pictures. Uh we have five minutes to the end of the meeting. Okay, well thank you. Any particular comments by anybody? We don't have a lot of time left and we will still have to make a decision, and the marketing expert has to present her her thing. Uh okay. Okay. Uh that concludes the presentation of everyone. And what we really have to decide in this meeting is um the concept of the remote. And uh so what do we think on the concept of the remote? Y Okay. Mm-hmm. I think that's Mm-hmm. Well, you you teach You have to teach uh Okay, before we get too far off here um, the components of the concept is the energy. What kind of energy do we foresee? Battery. Battery. Okay then chip on print. Okay. And the case. And I think we all agree on the case, we wanna have something uh maybe bright, colourful. Mm-hmm. Trendy design, compact and strong. User interface concept, uh interface type, supplements. That will be your area I think, right, Jana. Put uh k I guess uh for yeah. And Not sure what they mean by supplements. Oh, like Oh. A what? Right, right, right, mm-hmm. Right. Okay. Uh our next meeting will be in thirty minutes, and the uh I_D_ is to this is the individual actions to be taken until then, to have the look and feel design, and uh the U_I_D_ is supposed to uh come up with the user interface design, and the marketing expert with the product evaluation. In this phase, the two of you, Jana and Francine, have to work together on a prototype using modelling clay, it says here. You will receive specific instructions will be sent to you by your coaches. Um if you have any questions, you know, you you can always uh contact me um or uh or your coach, I suppose. Um so um I think we conclude the meeting here and we come back in uh uh thirty minutes, according to our timetable here. Thank you very much.
";The project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting. The interface specialist begins her presentation by highlighting important remote functions and showing examples of remote interfaces. The group comments on her presentation, and then the industrial designer begins presenting. She talks about the technical electronic components of the remote, explains how a remote works, and shows a few pictures revealing the insides of a normal remote control. She suggests giving the remote a strong shell so it is durable, using a rechargable battery, and not adding a scroll wheel because it requires a sophisticated chip. The marketing expert presents, talking about user preferences for a small, simple, eye-catching, cute, appealing, and functional remote. Fruit and vegetable shapes are popular this year, so a soft, spongy remote perhaps covered with cloth could make the item marketable. The group discusses the issues surrounding speech recognition, noting that if it is good quality it could be costly. They about the power source and review the objectives of the product. The project manager closes the meeting by telling each member what task she is to complete. 
"Well hi everyone again. Um like before we uh I have to redo the meetings from n th the minutes from the last meeting and so here we go. Uh it was discussed in the last meeting uh which was opened by the presentation from the interface um designer that uh looks would be very important on this new remote and um it is to send messages of course to the T_V_. It should have nine channel buttons, a next button, volume buttons, subtitle buttons, switch to control features, colour contrast, sharpness etcetera. It should have a memory switch, a mute button in case the telephone rings or something. Uh speech recognition is one of her very f favourite personal uh features she would like see d d to be integrated in this um in this new remote. Um. Should be child friendly design with few buttons, colourful maybe with s star shaped or other shaped buttons. Um she uh presented also an oversized remote which she guarantees nobody will ever be able to lose. Um that's right. But uh her very f personal favourite really she, she would very much like to see a speech recogniser integrated in this remote. The industrial designer um presented her uh thoughts on the issue. She would like a special case made out of plastic that is very strong, not using any harmful materials, should be recyclable and should be colourful. Should have an integrated circuit board that's highly sophisticated and temperature resistant. She would like to see a timer and or alarm facility integrated. Uh technically this thing would also have a resistor and a capacitor, diode transistor, resonator, and if possible a rechargeable battery. Uh and of course a circuit board. And how it would works, you press the button, the chip is morse morse code related relays the uh to the generat to the generator amplification and uh the circuit board is very inexpensive to build and so she thinks this is a great feature uh to to to consider. She would like uh this whole thing should be push buttons with a simple chip uh scrolling method is more expensive and not that practical anymore. Should be battery operated and of course she would have the special cases. The marketing expert uh who has to finally come up with to to to market this product has been watching the competition, has done some research on the internet and also has used h her personal observations to come up with the fact that such a remote sh should be small, easy to use and it should be eye catching. From her point of view of course one of the most important facts is that we should get to market before our competition does. To do that uh maybe one or two features should be developed on which we could dwell on or in other words on which our campaign could be built on. Too many new features or too many points would only confuse matter. So we prefer to have one or two features that can be really uh driven home. Um it should have a fruit and vegetable design and should have a soft feel. She feels that's really what people want today. And the decision that we took last time was that uh the special feature we would like to see is a speech recogniser, the energy should be battery uh should be on a chip, should be trendy design, compact and strong, and should have buttons. And that concludes the presentation from the last minutes from the last meeting. Now uh we are ready for the presentation of the prototype. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. What kind of button? Menu? Uh menu th menu, uh one one. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes the buttons are all raised, right? Are raised, mm-hmm. Right. Or have two hands to operate it, yeah. Yes, and it sort of sticks up so that you really you don't have to g first go like oh yeah here it's on and yeah, mm-hmm. So if you're left-handed or right-handed it doesn't matter. Well, I have one question uh will there be anything written on the buttons, like that people know, or they have to learn that from a piece of paper which button does what? Will have symbols so that that that the user really knows you know and doesn't have to first learn it Yeah. But anyway it would ha i i i it has to have some kind of of symbols, text or something so that people kn That's right. Okay, yeah just wanted make sure of that mm-hmm. Right, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Right. Now what, what are our special features for the marketing? That's really the voice recognition that's really unusual And then, and then the other thing would basically be sh shape or practicality of use. You know. Colours. Mm-hmm. Cutest. Yeah. Okay, now uh having said that No, now this was our evaluation criteria which we uh just have done. Now we're gonna talk about financing. Well, there is a production evaluation. Is that you? But that's after the financing. See? Fi see? Um. Okay, we had looks and voice recognition. Okay now on the financing we bring up the mm there it is. Okay uh energy source we say that's battery, right? Okay, now. So we I guess we use one. What? T cell or chart you are trying to change is protected. Well, that's nice. She told me I could just ch change it here and then it would It doesn't work. Hmm. Oh, okay yeah, okay, let's see. Okay, one, okay. Oh go away. Um kinetic source so that's in the energy source that's all we need. Uh electronics, simple chip on print? Is that's what we're using? One of those? Come on. Okay, one. Uh regular chip on print. No. That's all we need, the one case, uncurved flat, single curved, double curved. Double curved? One of those? Case materi s supplements. Plastic we said, right? Uh wood, rubber? Uh but, yes but That's just for the case material, so special colours though, we having that, right? And then we have to interface push buttons. Scroll wheel, no. Integrated scroll wheel, L_C_ display? Button. No. Uh, button supplement special colour? Special form? And special material, rubber, wood, yes. Okay. Total seven point six whatever that means. That's the price. Mm? Eight, eight point two. That's hmm? Eight point two, right? So, we looks like we are well within budget. Okay. I guess I should save this I suppose, huh? Oops. Uh-huh huh huh. I just tried that. My documents, computer. My compu Ah oh here it is, yes. Okay, fine. Save. Okay good, so that's the good news. We gonna be popular. Um. So that uh I think financing was pretty simple. Now we would like to have a presentation by the marketing expert on production evaluation. You wanna go to the next slide? Okay. Um I just realised one thing. In the financing there was no room for our voice recogniser. And uh I don't know how we can evaluate that or how we can include that, too. Eight, eight twenty, yes. I mean maximum we have another four point three euros I mean four thirty. But I mean we have no way of presenting that to management as you know as a f finished, as a finished product and saying okay with the voice recogniser that costs so much. So um we just have to beware of that. I mean and know whether the four thirty will really cover that. Yeah. I'm sorry to interrupt then but I just uh recog I just remembered that there was no that that was not um included uh that there was no room for any special features, okay? So to beware of that. You wanna go to this next slide, marketing expert? I dunno. Yes it is. Mm-hmm. Oh. Why? Wh why you need that up? I think you can make it there. Yes I think uh shape is one. You you gave it a four. Um, I dunno. I think I would give it at least a two. Colour uh I One. I I like the colours. One. Uh, I think I would give it a two. Well it's also you can't really try it out uh the other things you have have more is are more tangible so from that point of view but um I'll give it a three. Uh. Here is what we looking at uh satisfaction on for example room for creativity. Um. Is there more room for creativity or are we absolutely happy? Y um al always bearing in mind that right now we are of course well within the budget and that we still you know we probably can't, with this particular item, we probably can't just uh add a whole lot of more things. Uh um we need uh you know we need to leave space money-wise for the voice recogniser. Um. So th the question really is how do we feel with the project process? Uh, um are we happy with the creativity that has passed here or we're not happy with the new product we created or that was created? Uh I think personally I think uh I'm pretty happy. Um an and then the next question is are we happy with the leadership of this project? Uh And I think team work I think was very very good, I think we really yeah. Mm-hmm. And uh I think we are we happy with the means we used? We used whiteboard, we didn't use digital p well digital pens I guess are these things. Yes, we could. Uh, it's maybe not in the best position in the room um you know like sometimes it's positioned so that it's much better visible for everybody and I think from that point of view we sort of ignored it a little bit. Yes, I think so, I think absolutely, and fortunately we all had slides presentation which made it a little easier. Um did we new did we find new ideas? I think we did. I think we we did, uh in more than one respect and uh so I think we did very well here. Are the costs within budget? Yes, yes. Uh is the project evaluated? Yes. Um then celebration. So I I thank you all very much. Um, I think this was very good and um I think we did come up with a new product that's uh feasible. Feasible from the production point of view and feasible from a marketing point of view. So, thank you. I always get it on here, but getting it off is Ah yes we have time later but we don't
Hello Mm-hmm. And she was challenged on that point Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Good. You used to have all the buttons Oh that's good, no, that's nice and friendly. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, okay, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Menu button. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Of the screen. Mm, mm-hmm. The next channel in the numeric pattern, or Yeah, mm-hmm. Mm. Okay, okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay, well um what what I really like a lot about it is that you can reach the whole thing with one thumb, that you can really hold it in one h you don't need two hands and it's easily reachable even for somebody with a small hand, yeah? The buttons are all raised and if you hold it in the centre of your hand you can even reach it over here so you don't have to turn it around, turn it upside down, move it up, up and down, I really like that. You really did a good job on that, my little designers. Um and um I like the idea that the on-off button is in a really prominent place. That's that's a really good good thing. Yeah, that's great. Mm-hmm. The colour's very attractive. Um the um these buttons uh around here are the mute and these mm-hmm On both sides they're mute? So you can push either one? Okay. And this brings the menu up on the screen? This brings the menu up on the screen and the orange ones are Okay. F f okay. Right, very good. Uh it looks mm looks like something I can sell. Okay and now I'm supposed to yeah. Yeah. Good point because we need the symbols 'cause we're going into an international market we can't have anything that's language dependent. Symbols on it. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm, 'kay, mm. Mm-hmm. For the snail, yeah, mm-hmm, we have the snail shell. He goes right back into his shell. Well you know I think we could do something really funny with this too because the snail is known to be slow and we could have some sort of little comic effect on our marketing about how this is a rapid snail or something like that you know that would, that would really work. So I think voice recognition is our big selling point 'cause nobody else seems to have that in in this price range. Yep uh well I think that everybody's gonna say their remote control is practical. I think we have to, we have to dwell on on on the appearance. We're really gonna have the be the cutest remote control on the block. So I think we have to play with the image, play with the snail image um play with the visual and then the voice recognition. I think those are the two things to push. The look and the voice recognition. They're gonna be our two selling points. I'm supposed to make a little presentation, aren't I? Okay. Ah, but in my instructions I think it said I was supposed to go to the board and do something. No? Yeah, that's me. Oh, okay. Sorry, sorry. Mm-mm. That's right. Can you just fill it in in the yellow boxes? Or Well. I guess it's double curved. Mm-hmm. Rubber, because we're gonna have the soft buttons. Oh okay, the mm-hmm, mm' kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No, 'cause we didn't put the clock in it after all, right? Mm-hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, I'll take my file down so you can bring it up. 'Kay should be able to get it now. 'Kay, why don't you move just to the next slide right away. Yeah right away. Okay, well uh obviously my method for uh s m the marketing of this thing is first to ask the big question, will it sell? And I think we should show this prototype to people from various age and socio-economic groups and see about any fine tuning that maybe little things we haven't thought of. We can't accept every suggestion of course, but maybe we just need to get a few. And show the the prototype to consumer research groups, we don't s want somebody to suddenly come to us and tell us that this button is toxic and you know some child will swallow it and then we won't sell any. So we have to get some input from those people. And then after that we just have to go with our best intuition and you know we like it, we think it's good, we're gonna get behind it and sell it. Um, next slide please. Okay, now the things that I was thinking and th my wish list has really been realised in this prototype. I wanted the shape to be biomorphic, I didn't want anything with angles and all square, I wanted it to be comfy and roundy so we we've got that. The size is small, the colour's bright and warm which is what we wanted. We wanted the feel to be as soft as possible, we'll have the soft buttons and the way this is shaped, even though it's gonna be hard plastic, it feels good in your hand so that's nice. And functionality I put last on my list because people aren't going to use it before they buy it. So paradoxically the other features, in other words, the look, the feel um and the shape, that's what people are gonna get in the store. They don't have a television in the store, they can't play with it. Um so they'll be our main selling points. So um th those have been fulfilled by your prototype and go ahead to the next slide please. Okay, so um the shape um I think is a a one. That's really, really excellent shape. The size is small um and th these points are in the importance for the, for the marketing, these aren't i in how I feel. I think that it's I think that it's plenty small enough to sell but I think we're sort of right the scale is one to seven. I think we're sort of right in the middle as far as c other competitors. And our colour I think is great. The colours are bright and warm and we really do great job there. And given um the constraints that we had I think we got it as soft as possible. And then functionality um I think you did a really good job on functionality, obviously we could have ad added different functions but then we'd disturb something else so I would say that we got to a five out of seven on on functionality. So I think that basically we've got a great product and we can get off and running with it. Yes. Ah. Well, um we had what, eight eight euros twenty as our cost? And so we've got we've still got four euros to go to spend. Mm-hmm. Well um that's Mm-hmm. Well as we know in today's technic technological world you can do just about anything at any price, the the the problem is quality. So we're just gonna have to settle for whatever quality that will buy us. And um it may not be the greatest quality but it may sell anyway. As we've seen with so many of these kinds of products. Uh, well I isn't this my last slide? Maybe. Go ahead. I think that was my last slide, yeah. Um. Mm okay. And I'm supposed to present this scale on the whiteboard. Um and we're supposed to talk about those things as a team now, so if you put my last slide back up there. I'm sorry I've um forgot to do that, um. Hmm? Well because I can't remember what I put on there. Okay. Now I'm supposed to see how long my leash is here. Mm 'kay. You ready. So now we're all supposed to say what we think. Um okay so on shape I gave it a one. Wait what would you ra uh one being good and seven being the worst. Um what do you think the shape is? One, okay, and Be Betsy? Okay, uh-huh one, okay. And how about on size? On size I gave it a four, yeah, I feel it's just average. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay you're the designer, of course you wanna give it a one. Um and then how about how we doing on colour? Colour, I gave it a one. I really like all those nice bright, warm colours. One. One, one, one, okay. And how about the feel? Taking into um consideration texture and comfort in the hand. Okay, I gave it a three, two, yeah? Three. Two, okay. And the next is functionality where I I admit I was a little hard on our team here, but Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Two, okay. Three? Okay. Well, um. It looks like we've got got ourselves a pretty good product. Um the functionality's the only place where maybe we have to think about m m maybe, heaven forbid, having another meeting. But um otherwise I think we're we're ready to go to go with this product. Anybody else have any other comments or any other things that we feel we should evaluate? Mm-hmm. Well then again if we're gonna um do the speech recognition thing we're gon there gonna be some buttons that are gonna have to be added for that for the recording of the the speech. So that that's where we're gonna have to do maybe we can eliminate one of the mute buttons, instead of having two mute buttons. And um then maybe we can do something with the um the volume control. Maybe we can put that all on one button. Um and a couple of other th maybe comp uh consolidate some of the usage an and see what we can do with that. Mm-hmm. No. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I'm pretty happy with it too, yeah um, it's something I think I can market. Yeah. I think you've done a good job, Miss leader. Yeah I d I do too I think we worked well together as a team, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah maybe we could've used the whiteboard a little bit more, yeah, we didn't use that enough. Mm-hmm. And we used the slide because it was better positioned. Mm I think that's true mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think we were we were very good, yeah, mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yes, yes. Celebration. Today we have apple juice and after we sell m million of 'em we have champagne. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Watch I I have my cord behind you here. Okay. But we we were told we could end the final meeting at any time, whenever we felt we were finished. It'll take me the rest of the time to get my microphone out from my necklace. Oh, there we go.
Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Uh so this is our what uh we have made. This is a model of the remote control which we are going to build. Uh this is us in a snail shape so uh it it is attractive um and it's it's blue in colour uh bright and uh it has yellow buttons and all the different colour buttons so it is a uh uh a looks-wise it is beautiful. Uh and also compact in shape. Uh um and also i it it will be easily fit into into the hands and you can access all the buttons easily. Yeah, oops, sorry. Um yeah and um uh the material which we are going to use for the case is uh plastic and uh w which which is s strong um uh and also uh for the Um the material is plastic and uh for the buttons it is uh s soft rubber um and als yeah. Yeah because uh uh you'll be touching the buttons more so it is soft when you touch it. And then um uh for the for the led, for the light emitting diode it is a fluorescent green and it's a a it is a bulb like an ordinary infrared. And and the button button's part uh will be explained by F Francina. Tell, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Ah. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah of course, and also Hmm. Yeah. Yeah we can Text. Text that we can have on the case itself, we can it will be printed on the case and symbols as well as the buttons. Yeah. Yeah. So it is yeah, yeah shell. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, of course, yeah. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. No. Yeah. This is a Yeah. Yeah. I think uh that is uh f for rubbers that is uh yeah case material. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I think that's the price. Maybe it is it just n Yeah. AMI. AMI should for Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Eight twenty so We have um four euros, yeah Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, still. Yeah. Included, yeah. Hmm, hmm Yeah, even my yeah, shape is one. Yeah, even I think it is one. It's quite small. Yeah, one. Uh maybe two, yeah. Uh three, mm-hmm. Yeah. Maybe we can yeah, include some more buttons and uh um yeah features. We can make the buttons few buttons smaller. Uh I think they are quite big, so I think I I mean we can just have small buttons and more buttons in that case. If we want to have more features than that. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. Yeah, definitely, yeah, two mu mute buttons. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Even I'm happy. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, definitely. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, probably. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah, many. Yeah. Ah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you very much. Do we do we have some time left? Uh you have Oh, alright.
Hello. Designer. Yes. Yeah. Just the look like, the button part I'll explain. Okay. Now the um we decided upon including certain features on our remote. Now these features includes the s um signal emitting uh signal it's the led or L_E_D_ the infrared. Now uh we have included the switch on and off button. Now we have included another feature that is the mute button on the side of the model. Then we have included one to nine buttons for controlling the programmes the different channels. We have also included two buttons for increasing or decreasing the volume. And we have also included two buttons for scrolling up and scrolling down the programme channels. Now our our model also contains a button which is called as the menu button. Menu button. Yes, menu At the centre we have included a button which is fluorescent green colour and this is the menu button which will control the colour, sharpness, brightness of this uh picture. We have also included a button which is called as the swapping button. Now this is uh a special, special feature which we have included. Now this button is an elongated shaped button and this is slightly flexible so if it is turned towards the right it will take to the previous channel, if it is turned towards the right it will take to the next channel. It will take the user to the previous and the next channel so this is a swapping button. No, swapping is if if example you're you're watching the second channel and then you go to the tenth channel and if you want to go back to the second channel you can swap, this button. Yes. And at the end, it this remote has inbuilt voice recogniser which c which will recognise the user's voice and then it'll act accordingly. So this is our proposed model. Now the marketing expert has to give her suggestion whether it'll be sellable or it'll be cost effective. Yes, yes. Yes. Mm. Abs okay. No, these the front buttons which are here, are the mute buttons. Yes, yes. Yes. Pardon me? This is the menu yes, yes. A the the these these two are th to increase or decrease the volumes, and these two are to uh scroll the programme channels. Scroll up or scroll down the channels. Yes, it will have uh these buttons will have the numbers and all the rest of the buttons will have symbols. Yes, which can be easily recognised. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. And and one more feature is we we have a holder for this remote which is an oyster shape. A shell shape. Yes, yes. Yes, snail shell. Yes. Mm-hmm. Y Yes Yes. Yes. Yes. Single curve? Mm. Plastic. Is this for the case? Yes. Yes. Yes. No. Speci Yes Yes d we do have special form. One two three four five six seven eight nine Nine points, okay, yes. Okay. On the desktop. Okay. Fee selling. Yes. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes, yes. Yeah mm. Worse, okay. One. One. One. Yes. I'll give three. Two. We can always improve, yes. Yes, features. Yes. Voices. Yes. Yes. And maybe Yes. Yes, yes you've done a good job. Whiteboard more, yes, yes. Yes. No. Yes. Cel celebration yes, yes. Thank you. Okay. They say it's forty minutes. Okay.
";The project manager opens the meeting by going over the minutes of the last meeting, detailing the main points of each person's presentation. They do the prototype presentation which includes a model of the remote control. The group discusses this proposed model, approving of the small size and look of it. They goes over finances and are pleased to find that they are well within budget. However, while the marketing expert is doing the product evaulation the group realizes that they neglected to calculate voice recognition into the financing. Their cost had been 8.20 Euros and they have  4.30 left to cover it, so they decide to settle for whatever quality it will buy. They rate their product on its shape, size, color, feel, and functionality. They discuss the project process, talk briefly about adding more features, and one member suggests eliminating a mute buttons and include a diffferent feature. They are happy with the creativity, leadership, and teamwork within the group, and close the meeting by thanking one another. 
"Morning. Yep. My name's Frank. Thank you. Hmm, that's interesting. Sure. Yep. Visit it. Can't say I paid much attention to it, but Oh yeah. Okay. 'Kay. That was interesting. Innocent. 'Kay. I'm thinking about a swordfish.. Meat. Yeah. Hmm. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Gonna use a different line width. And I'm gonna draw in black. There. 'Kay, I'm not much of an artist, but here we go. Mm. Okay. This is my um Hmm. Sheep. With of course little blue dot they always get sprayed on their butts. There. Yeah. 'Kay. They are Come on. You have to go really slow when you're writing. They're brilliant animal animals. And that's just a little me thingy. So. Guess I'll pass the pen to our User Interface Designer. Interesting. A rabbit? Garfield. Yeah. Yeah. And the most interesting tail. Yeah. We're being haunted. Yeah, you got a message. So just on a side note, why is it my laptop is only giving me a black screen? Yeah. Right. No. It's off now. Well, it was on, but Ah, there we are. Well, we have a kind of broad T_V_ at home, and a D_V_D_ player, so we got like a lot of remote controls, one for the T_V_, one for the video recorder, one for the D_V_D_ player. And I think it's it would be best to just make one remote control that can operate them all. Oh really. Yeah. Yeah. So I think you can take minutes again. Since it's your job. Yeah. Yeah. But that would be really good if we could do that. Um. Think it has to be shock proof 'cause my remote control tends to fall a lot. So Yeah, one other little thing. Thought it might be handy to put a battery status display on it. So you can see how much is left in the battery. But they'll also really drag up the production costs, so think we'll have to see about that too. But maybe just a little LED, I don't know. Um. Nope, don't think so. Okay. Aye sir. Half an hour. Okay.
Morning. Mm-hmm. Garfield. Well I was gonna draw a cat too, so. I'll just try something else. Something different than Garfield. Mine is a bit more skinny. But uh Well, it's supposed to be a cat. I like cats because uh they are uh independent. The pen. So. The pen. No, me neither. Nope. They were all mentioned, so Okay.
Morning. I'm. Yep. Hmm? Okay. Yeah. Yep. Hmm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. A sheep. Okay. Um I'm just gonna draw its uh head, but mm Let's see. Mm. Uh. Okay. Yeah. You know what that is? Or who? Ah okay, yeah. Just a Mm. Guess. So uh Yeah. That's enough. Um, you say a blank, or Okay. Five minutes, okay. Mm? Mm. Oh really? Huh. It's a Sure. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Hmm. Oh. Mm-hmm. Oh. Mm. Mm-hmm. Sure, yeah. Waterproof, or uh Uh, you never no know uh, I w I mean uh 'Kay. Okay, yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Yep.
So uh good morning. I see you all find your places. Is everybody sitting on the right place? Yeah? I guess so. So Let's see. First I will introduce myself. I don't know if uh if everybody knows me, so I'm Bart, hello. Hello. Bart. Hello. Hello. Bart. Welcome. Uh let's see. Uh let's start off um with a little presentation. Uh Now first I'll tell you a little bit about the setting. You can see there are a few cameras here. They'll record uh our actions and you'll have wires and microphones that will record your voice. Uh there are also some microphones there but th um you don't have to pay a lot of attention on those, because it will uh disappear when you don't attend to it. So is there a project documents folder? There are some notes in it already I see, some documents. Uh I'll start with the presentation kick off. Is being modified by the administrator. Uh okay. Let's do it read only. Well I don't know if you've noticed, but uh we're working for Real Reaction. Uh it's a company in uh electronics. We put fashion in electronics, uh we make it work, uh we put a lot of effort in design and in the product itself. I'm Bart the project manager so I'll direct you through the project. This is our agenda. Uh we have our opening acquaintance, tool training, project plan description closing. Uh maybe I can sit down, then I can take some notes or Let's see. Maybe you can take the minutes once in a while. I dunno it's not a lot of work, but just uh if you hear something uh you can write down, just write it down. Uh as you can see uh it's the opening, aquaintance tool training. Aquaintance is a point we've done a bit. Um have you all seen the corporate website already? Yeah. Have you seen any flaws in it? I think I found one. No? I can see if it works this way. No, it doesn't work here. Okay no problem. But um on the corporate information side there's a th uh there was Real Remote instead of Real Reaction. Real Remote is not really the company we're we are, but it's just a little fault. Um okay, what are we going to do? Uh our project aim is as you can see a new remote control. It has to be original, trendy, and user friendly. So these are uh the points why uh we also hired you. We've got the Marketing Expert for uh the trendy and user friendly look. And Industrial Designer uh there's also user friendly and a bit original. And we've got our User Interface Designer. He's also uh That's about the new remote control. Uh project method um is uh there are three phases we are going through. First is functional des uh design, individual work, meetings. After the functional design, then the conceptual design and the detailed design. I had some role indications on here. But I think you know it already by yourself. The Industrial Designer is going to work on the working design, uh components design and a bit of the look and feel design. Uh the User Interface Designer is going to do the technical function design, user interface concept and user interface design. And the marketing expert is doing a little bit of user requirement specification, trend watching and project uh product ev evaluation. So that's a bit what you're going to do. But that will be all worked out in uh other meetings. Then we've got our first tool training. We are going to work with a lot of high-tech tools here, so it's ab it's handy if we have a little bit of training first. As you can see we've got the smart boards here and here in the white board. Um in the white board here there's a little tool bar on this side. Here are some functions. You can save. N uh these functions we don't have anything to do with, only undo, you can undo a little uh piece of drawing. A blank new document for each person. Uh select a pen, eraser. Capture we don't have to do anything with. Uh then we've got our pen. This pen. It's really funny because you can draw with it on this page um in the think it is form of. You can also select the current colour and the line width. But then first you have to select the pen function. But we're going to work with it in a minute. So okay. Uh that's very simple and it's easy to uh draw your findings and drawings on there. Uh then a short thing about documents. We've got our shared folder, uh project project what was it? Project documents I think. But all you will found that already because there are a lot of documents in it already, so it will be okay. And these are available on the smart boards as well, so if you have a document you wanna show, just open it from the folder. Here is a simple tool bar. It's what I just said, it's save, print, move back or forward one page. You can switch between the different drawings. And then we're going to try out the white board. So as you can see we g all going to draw a animal. Just to uh uh just to get a bit familiar with it. Mouse wasn't running away. Is everybody is anybody playing with the mouse? No. Okay. We're going to uh draw animal. And uh just sum up a few of its favourite characteristics. Um the only thing we have to uh look after is that we use different colours, and different line width. Uh there's I can start from now. I will. You can use this pen by holding it like a like a little child. Because if you hold it like this, the sensors will get blocked and then the drawing won't get good. Another thing is you have to be uh a bit slow. 'Cause if you're going to draw like really fast then um the pen won't hold up. So we choose form of current colour uh I think grey is appropriate. Then the line width. I think seven will be nice. Now you'll see my drawing capabilities. These are not very much, but uh Uh, see you have to do it real slow. Oh Ah I was trying to draw a dolphin, but I think his nose has to be a little bit But it's close. So what yeah it's this is bit of the swordfish. Yeah, he hasn't got an eye. Woah. Now we've got another function. We've got the eraser. And then you can undo this easily. Ah it's okay. And I've got to write down a few of its characteristics. Uh is They've got no text tool, no. Uh. Okay. This is typically a undo action, I think. Pen. Maybe you have to hold it a bit upside-down. I think that's it because if you wan ar are going to do it like this then it will be a stripe. But I don't know, I'm just trying. This is not my work, okay. Maybe you have to use Oh. Uh. I think it's a it wants to draw a another animal? I don't know. It lives for the fun. So It's my characteristic uh characteristic about the dolphin. It lives for the fun. So now I'm gonna hand over the pen on the new blank sheet to you. Go ahead. Maybe it's easier to draw the smaller line width, I think. Because this is going a lot better than uh I did. It's nice. Uh. It's a real dead sheep, yeah. For recognition, yeah, I see. Um maybe you can also write your name somewhere. On just a Yeah. Nice. Sweet. Yeah, just a blank sheet. No. Yeah, it's pretty skinny cat. Is your cat, or did you find him on the street? Ah. Okay. That's pretty clear. So everybody knows how to work with the white board now? So if you have any ideas or if you wanna draw anything on the white board, just ask and go ahead. It's pretty uh easy. 'Kay. S haunted white board. So we've got the tool uh introduction. We move along to the project finance. Um as you can see, we um for our remote control, a selling price is uh twenty five Euros. Our selling price. Uh our profit aim is fifty million Euros. Uh that's the least we have to get from our remote controls, so we have to work together to reach our aims. Uh we can do it international, so we have to focus on different kind of users, different kind of cultures, and different kind of trends as well. Um but that's all in the later stadium. Our production cost um can be maximal twelve and a half Euros, so that's also a point we have to keep in mind, that we won't make remote controls with small televisions inside, and stuff like that. It won't work. So just try to remember these points. Selling price twenty five, profit aims fifty million um, but more important is the int international market we're trying to focus on. And production cost uh maximal twelve and a half Euros. So that's leads us to our little discussion. We've got about five or ten minutes left for discussion. So I'm gonna sit down, I think. It's easier. I've got a message. Five minutes. Okay, that's uh good timing. Uh maybe you have to say the magic word. Does it do anything? Maybe you have to just clap it down? Mm back up again. No slide show. Hmm. It's off. Now you have to put it back o Oh yeah. You'll be okay, I think. Well it's those laptops. Nice. Okay. But so mm does everybody has um experiences with uh remote controls, and I mean not the ordinary mote controls, but also a little bit different ones? Like you can use for other? No? You? Ah yeah. Yep. Yeah I've I've got one at home. And you can uh program I think eight different devices in it, and you can use it for your television, anything else. And it also operates on infra-red, so you have to got the little device inside your room, and then you can operate it from the third or th or second floor. So that's pretty handy when you have a video recorder or D_V_D_ player downstairs and you've got a link to your T_V_ on the second floor. So that's a pretty handy um thing. Um but only the I think that if you can put different kind of devices in one remote control, it makes it a lot easier as well. It's uh That's good to remember. Yeah, that's nice, I think. So we've we want different functions uh and we can maybe see if we can do something with the infra-red. But I don't know if that will exceed the production costs. So that uh that's something we have to find out, I think. And other functions for a remote control? Maybe we can make it uh uh Shock proof. Sure. Waterproof. Okay. So these are our um a few things we can think of. Um I will put the minutes from this meeting uh in our project folder. That's a battery stays. Yeah. Uh. That's an idea as well. Other ideas? Quick ideas. Okay. Any questions about this uh presentation? Kick off presentation. No? Okay, then I'll put the minutes from this meeting in the project folder, and then we can all work. Finish meeting now. Okay. And we can all work uh on our own projects. Okay then I'll meet you in about a half an hour, I think. So good luck.
";The project manager introduced himself to the team and then acquainted the team with the audio and video equipment in the meeting room. The project manager briefly described the company the team works for and discussed the corporate website. The project manager then described the upcoming project and the roles of each team member. The project manager introduced the smart boards to the team and led the team members in an exercise in which they each drew their favorite animal and described why they liked the animal. The project manager briefed the team on the project budget and selling prices for the remote they are to create and led them in a discussion on their experiences with remote controls and what features they would like to include in their product. 
"Okay. Everybody found his place again? Yeah? That's nice. Okay so this is our second meeting. And uh still failing? Uh now we're going um into the functional design. Um important thing of this phase is that we're going to uh try to get an agreement about the user requirements, technical function design, and the working design. So that we can move onto the second uh phase. But first this phase. Um first an announcement. There's a little adaptation in the air conditioning system. So There's our ghost mouse again. That that means that you can have a little trouble with, little trouble with the air conditioning, that's because of this uh It's in wing C_ and E_. So it should be over in a in a while, couple of days. But it's going to be cold anyway, so I don't think you're gonna need it. Then our agenda. Now first the opening. Uh this time I will take the minutes. Uh you're going to have a presentation. All of you. Um and we've got forty minutes for the whole uh prese for the whole uh presentations. So uh I suggest we take about seven minutes per presentation, and then we can have a little discussion about the new project requirements uh which have been sent to me. And then the decision on the control functions uh which we wanna include and those which we don't wanna include. So we've got forty minutes for all of it. So I suggest um let's start with the first presentation. Um who wants to be first? Okay. So Just maybe it's easier if you um Yeah I think you will tell your presentation as well. Just which function you have and what you're gonna talk about. Okay. Thank you. So anybody have um any questions until now? About functional requirements? Okay that's clear. Now to the second. Yeah. Yeah you can take your time. We've got uh plenty of time, so Yeah. There it is. Yeah. One remote. Hmm. 'Kay. Yeah. Okay. Anybody has questions about the technical functions? Yeah. Touchscreen. Huh. 'Kay. That's nice. Uh Yeah. That's right. Uh maybe we can first um listen to your presentation? Uh And then we have a little discussion about the requirements and uh design. I think it's going to Uh it's not too much. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Uh Okay now I hope everybody has a little bit more insight in the functions we all have and what we are doing right now. Um I'm the Project Manager so I'm here to mess things up and uh tell you some new uh requirements. Um that's, we've uh got to design a um remote which is only suitable for T_V_. Um that's because uh it will be too complex and the time to market will be too big, if we wanna have it uh for more functions. So it has to be simple. Uh another point is we have to skip the teletext, because in the world of uh upcoming internet uh we think teletext is going to be uh a thing of the past. And uh it's a function we don't need in our remote control. Um internet is also mentioned in a function we can use. Uh maybe also on televisions it will be available as well. Another one is uh the customer is uh forty plus. Uh that's the the market we have to to to target, because we are going to develop a new product which is specially designed for the younger customers. Um this is uh a bit pity for the Marketing uh Expert. Because he was uh aiming on the the younger persons. So we have to find a market which is above forty plus uh but which will suit our uh remote control, and the other way round. And we have to be very uh attent in uh putting the corporate image uh in our product. So it has to be visible in our design, in the way our device works. And uh we have to be uh very clear on this point as well. So I suggest let's have a discussion on the control functions. Yeah. Uh we can see if we can find a way uh between the functions we wanna use and the market we wanna reach with our product. Um Against the no teletext? Um Yeah it's it is Standard remote. No I think we can I think we can do a lot with the design and the simple buttons which were also mentioned. Uh if we put a lot of effort in those, we can make a remote control with uh just two or three buttons. Or just a remote which is suitable for the market we wanna reach because it is forty percent of the market. And um if you look in Holland at the whole generation of forty plus, fifty plus, it it's the the biggest share of the of the whole population now. No. But don't you think that if we make a remote which is uh typically made for this market, that people think the people think that's the the device I've looked for although I didn't realise it. So let's try it. Yeah. Yeah. It's a big success. Very big success. Yeah. Uh. I think so as well. Uh I simply think um uh that the new products we are gonna make, uh spef specifically design, are designed for uh younger people, uh so maybe we can focus ourself on the elderly people. And I think we have to um see what requirements we need for those um remote controls. 'Cause what you told is the channel selection is important. Volume selection, power and teletext. Okay. Um No we we haven't voted yet, so Uh I think teletext can be uh um can be a function as well. But only if uh if it won't higher the the cost, because I don't know if it will be a lot more money to implement teletext as well, but I don't think it will be a problem. Or is teletext a Yeah. Yeah. So I suggest uh Yeah. Is anybody um really against teletext? No? Just that, that we just keep the teletext. I think that's a good idea as well, especially for the subtitles. Maybe we can make that um another point of advantage in our remote control, if we uh make a k a button ex for example for big subtitles, which is instantly on the remote control. For elderly people they can think, oh I wanna have subtitles, and they push the button and they get the big subtitles. Um so I think teletext can v can be very useful in our advantage. Um Functionality should be few buttons, you said. I think uh that's very important we have a few buttons. So to keep it simple. No. Yeah. But do you need But do you need the buttons for one to zero. Maybe c we can Maybe we can use uh No, maybe we can implement the scroll button? Or a joystick like? There are other ways too. Just look if you look at telephones. The Sony telephone has a scroll button which is very useful in searching names or That's right. the numbers yeah. Yeah they can see how much buttons there are going to be on on the display, and if it's too much we can uh reconsider it. But I think there won't be very much buttons. Or there don't have to be a lot. The number of buttons? I think it's very important in the in the design. You can make a very fancy design uh with putting the buttons on the right places. And if you have less buttons you can do a lot more with To operate only the T_V_ yeah. No. So. 'Kay. So we can Yeah. That's right. Yeah. So you suggest we could better um focus on for example the docking station. Uh uh like other functions. Instead of f of less buttons. Mm. No. Do you think the docking station will uh is allowed in the budget we have? 'Cause it can be No. Yeah. Because I think that's uh That's a good advantage point as well. If we have a fancy-looking docking station or very That's a nice requirement. Docking station. I think so. Yeah. That's a good point. Um You said they easily get lost as well. Yeah. So maybe we should implement the audio sign, or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So audio signal should be possible as well. I think it's not too expensive. Uh another point is the L_C_D_ screen. Um I don't know if that will rise the cost too much, because Yeah. It will be too much as well. Yeah. Based. Just the L_C_D_. Oh just the normal screen. That's a good idea. So Some extra info. Feedback. Yeah. I think that's a good idea as well. As the small screen. Extra button info. I think that should be possible as well. Um let's see what did we say. Mm. More. Should be fancy to, fancy design, easy to learn. Few buttons, we talked about that. Docking station, L_C_D_. Um general functions Yeah. 'Kay. And default materials. I think that's a good idea as well, because um elderly people don't mind if it's a titanium cover or just a plastic one. So that doesn't really matter. So I think we nee Uh let's um specify the target group. Because are we talking about elderly elderly people or people from forty to eighty. Because I think what we're going to design now is for people above sixty, maybe. Uh what do we want? If we want um a with uh for example the the telephone for elderly people, we can target the real elderly people. Yeah. So that's the Now you're talking about sixty to eighty for example. Yeah. Sixty. Okay. And different cultures. Are we Okay. No. We've got five minutes left just now. Small warning. Should Yeah. In different languages, you know. Yeah. or you have to put a language button in it, but that will be a bit unnecessary I think. It's better to put it on different markets with it all. Okay. So that's the the target. Uh then a few small things. Uh okay. I will put the minutes in the project uh project document folder. Um what we're going to do for the next meeting is the Industrial Designer will do the components concept, User Interface Designer the user interface concept, and the trend-watching. So just keep in mind the things we've said about the target group, uh requirements, and the trends which are uh going on. And uh specific instructions will be sent to you by uh the personal coach. So um I thank you for this meeting. And I think we have a lunch-break now. So that's a good thing.
No. Well I think if we are gonna use a touchscreen uh we're gonna go way above the twelve and a half Euros. But the It wouldn't be very robust. It's very fragile and you can get scratches on it. That's. Okay. Okay I've got a presentation about the working design. Um first about how it works. It's really simple of course. Everybody knows how a remote works. The user presses a button. The remote determines what button it is, uses the infrared to send a signal to the T_V_. The T_V_ switches to the frequency, or what function it is. So we've got um the the plate. It gots conductive disks for every button. When the user presses a button, a signal got sent, goes to the LED and transmits tranmi transmits its to the T_V_. It's a very simple device, technically speaking. So this is a schematic overview. You've got the buttons. The power source. And uh when a button gets pressed, its goes to the chip. The chip uh controls the infrared bulb and perf perhaps a normal bulb. When you press a button you can actually see your pressed button. Well um I think we should use default materials, simple plastics. Keep the inner workings simple, so it's robust. Uh I think we should focus on aesthetics, the design and the user interface, because if you're going to use high-tech materials the price is going to go sky-high. And uh you only have to design a remote once, and if you use high-tech materials it come back in every product. So it's, in my idea, it's uh it's gonna be smart to invest in di in design and not in uh in the product itself. That's it. I think that if we're If we put our marketing right um we can sell this just like um I don't know if you've heard about it in the news, the the elderly mobile phone? Yeah if we if we make a remote control just l with that idea in mind, we could make tons of money, I think. We don't have to focus on on on the on the design then but on functionality. We just change our focus on the project, and I think we can uh we can sell this. No. Uh that's a good idea. Yeah. And besides that it's um If we're gonna focus on elderly people they'll have to adapt. They're not used to using scroll buttons. So perhaps we should s stick to the basic layout. It should be possible yes. If it's not too fancy. And if the remote stays rather small, it should be possible yeah. Yes. So we're just gonna focus on the extras? Yeah. Like with your key-chain, if you whistle it goes uh it makes a sound. Yeah. Y i um I think we'll have to choose between the docking station or the screen, 'cause it's uh Well I don't think they have different television sets uh in uh every country. 'Cause Yeah. Yeah.
Yes. Yeah. Okay. No. Yes. Think I'll go first. 'Kay. My name is Freek Van Ponnen. I'm the Market Expert. But you already knew that. Um I've done some research. We have we uh have been doing research in a usability lab where we observed um users operating remote controls. Uh we let them fill out a questionnaire. We had one hundred of these uh test subjects. Uh in addition we did some market research. Uh see what the market consists of. What ages are involved. Well these are three quite astonishing results, I thought. Um remotes are being considered ugly. F uh seventy five percent of the um people questioned uh indicated that they thought their remote were was ugly. Um and an additional eighty percent indicated that they would spend more money on a fancy-looking remote control. So Um in addition remotes were not very functional. Fifty percent of the people indicated they only loo used about ten percent of the buttons on a remote control. And fifty percent of the people indicated that their remote tended to get lost in their room. So some things. Then we did some research to the most relevant functions. Channel selection and volume selection um both got a ten on a scale of one to ten for relevancy. The power button got a nine. And teletext got a six and a half. So these are the most most uh important functions on a remote control. Then there are some one-time use function. That's what I like to call them. That uh audio settings, video settings, and channel settings buttons. Which are not really used very frequently, but are still considered to be of some importance. Um channel selection was also indicated to be used very frequently. One hundred and sixty eight times per hour. Then these are the This is the market. Um sixty percent of the market consists of users between the ages sixteen and forty f six. Um Main characteristic of this group is that they're very critical on the remote control. Um they like to use new f new functions. But they also are very critical. They won't spend their money very easily. So Um the users of forty six to sixty five years cons The make up forty percent of the market. They are not really very interested in features. But they do tend to spend their money a lot easier. Um What I think this indicates for our um design. I think we should make a remote for the future. And this means we would um have to focus on the age ages sixteen to forty five. Uh this also makes up most the biggest part of the market, so that will also be where our main profit would be gettable. Um this would mean we would have to make a fancy design. Um The results also indicated that um about one quarter of the people questioned thought that the remote control caused R_S_ R_S_I_. Um this is certainly something to take into account. And thirty four percent thought that it was hard to learn a n how to operate a new control, remote control. So these are two factors that I think should be included in the design. Besides of course that the remote must look very nice. And the functionality As a lot of people indicated, they only use about ten percent of the buttons, I think we should make very few buttons. Uh this will also be uh beneficial to the design of the remote. Uh I think the most frequently used buttons should be emphasised. Especially the channel selection and audio uh selection buttons. 'Cause they're used most and so they should be robust. They shouldn't break down easily. Um Then as mo as a lot of people indicated that their um remote got lost in the room, it might be and I say might be because it would um certainly boost the uh production costs a lot. But it might be a good idea to make a docking station. And this would, could get a button in it which would send a signal to the remote which would then beep. So you'd know where it is in the room. And in addition to this it could um recharge the batteries in the remote if you put it in. Then um a surprisingly great deal of people w indicated that um an L_C_D_ screen in the remote control would be preferred. This was um mostly people in the age of sixteen to twenty five. But up till forty five it remains feasible. This would also greatly increase the production costs but I think these are just some small factors we could consider. That would be all. Any questions? 'Kay. Yeah you should go to the top thingy. Slide show. Oh yeah. Hmm. Well it would certainly make a fancy design. So That is true. We would have to look into that. Yeah. So is there any discussion possible about the new product requirement? Yeah 'cause you're you're saying that teletext is gonna be an old feature and it's not gonna be used anymore anyway pretty soon. And new T_V_s will have internet access on them. But I think if you're targeting people of forty plus, the chance that they will have a T_V_ with internet access within the next like twenty years is very slim. In addition people indicated that teletext simply was an important feature for the remote control. So I think it's pretty dumb to put no teletext feature on it. I'm pretty much against it. Yes. Besides that, I think the market for forty plus is like pretty small. But I mean if I s if I see this, it's I think we're just gonna go for another pretty and not innovative remote control. Yes but it's not the biggest part of the market. And besides that, they're not very critical so I mean they don't really care what the remote control is like. They'll just pretty much take the first thing they see and which looks acceptable. No. I think that would be the case in the sixteen to forty five age category. because they are critical and they they want to have a fancy remote control. People of forty plus, I mean they want it to work, but as soo as soon as it works it's okay with them. So I haven't heard of it. Hmm. Yes. Yes. But obviously the board tends to disagree. Yeah, also. I think it'd definitely be a bad idea not to include teletext. Yes. Mm-hmm. But I don't think that's really an issue any more 'cause Well might be. But I mean it, if it's only for T_V_ you're not gonna need a lot of buttons anyway. You need a one to zero button, next channel, previous channel, volume up, volume down, and some teletext buttons but I think if you if you only l Nah. Think if you're gonna include teletext you do. I think many people like to use that. 'Cause if you should, if you want to switch from channel one to like thirty five, you don't wanna push the next channel button thirty five times. That's true but um I don't think there are many T_V_s that can switch channels that fast. And so you would need like the T_V_ would need an a function where you can actually view all channels and scroll through it. And I dunno if many channels would do have that. If many T_V_s have that. Mm-hmm. But I don't think I think if you're gonna make a remote control only to operate a T_V_, you there's not much you can gain on um having as few buttons as possible. 'Cause I think there are pretty many remote controls that can only operate a T_V_, which already only have the minimum number of buttons. I don't think there's much to be gained in that area. Yeah. That is true but I think there's simply not much to gain on the competition when you when you're making a remote control only for to operate only the T_V_. 'Cause if you have a a remote control only to operate a T_V_ there's simply not a lot of buttons required. There's not a lot of functions required so most existing remote controls simply don't have a lot of buttons either. So I think it would be very hard to actually gain on the competition here. That would that would cost a a big marketing expedition which was one of the arguments to make it only for the T_V_ because we didn't have the time to market a lot. Maybe. Well yeah I think, mean we obviously need a good way to position all the buttons and But I don't think we should spend very much time in that. Yeah I think maybe we should do some research into what elderly people like to have in a like to have extra in a new remote control. Yes well fifty percent of the people indicated that remote control tended to get lost. Yeah that was what I suggested. You have it on Yeah you have it's on some phones too, which have a docking station. And you just press a button and the phone goes ringing. So you know where it is. I think since a lot of people indicated that a new remote control is hard to learn, and we're focusing on elderly people here which tend to have a hard time understanding new devices, it might be a good idea to have just a little screen on it, which would explain a button if you press it. Which would tell you what it does. And it wouldn't have to be touchscreen or a very expensive screen, but Just a small screen with two Yeah. But I dunno if that would that would fit into the costs. No. I think probably elderly people would be a little bit more careful with their remote controls than youngsters. Yeah. I think I think that would be a If we should do something like that it would be a, I think it would be really good for uh for the image of the company. And I think, I think there would be a good market for it. If we're able to really bring an innovative product. Yeah the really But I'd have to look into that a little more. 'Kay. And with uh the little screen in it, which explains the buttons. You could I think we n it would be a lot easier to adapt it to different cultures. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. That's good.
Okay. Mm. Mm-hmm. Uh okay. Um I've been looking at uh the user interface of it. Um f for the techno f functions uh of of it. Um Okay. Mm? Oh. Uh. Okay. Um yeah. I think uh we uh must use the general functions uh of the uh remote control. Uh uh I've do I've uh done a little uh research on the internet and not much information about it, Um about uh interface but uh Uh Yeah I I've been thinking about a simple manner uh to put a lot of functions uh uh in one um in one uh remote control. Uh so uh you've got a lot of devi uh devices like uh D_V_D_ uh uh television, uh stereo. So um But uh it must be uh user-friendly. So um uh you c you can't put a a lot of uh functions uh in one uh Yeah. Uh uh uh Yeah. In one um remote control. But um Yeah. Um yeah. Got uh many functions in one uh remote control, um but um yeah you can see, this is uh quite simple uh remote control. Um few uh buttons but uh This uh re uh remote control got a a lot of uh buttons. Um uh people uh don't like it, uh so um Well what uh I was uh thinking about was um uh keep the general functions uh like they are. So uh like uh the on-off uh button. Uh keep it uh yeah l like a red button. Uh everybody everybody knows it so uh uh you don't have to change that. Um My personal uh preferences um. Use a display for uh specific uh functions of the different uh device. So um Wh what I was th uh thinking about was um you've got um Uh this the remote control uh and uh you got here the general functions, uh like uh the on-off button uh sound uh I dunno um And um here you've got a s kind of a display. It's a touchscreen. So um yeah you got a general f uh f the functions of the device uh for a D_V_D_ player or uh so um the pl yeah um f for uh playing uh reverse uh. And um you got here uh real buttons for uh selecting uh a device. So um this button is for a D_V_D_ or So um for every um device you've got a uh a f a b a part uh display of a part buttons. So uh you you never got uh all the buttons uh on w one device. So uh that's uh my uh idea about it. Um yeah and Uh let's see. Uh yeah. So a touchscreen. Uh and um th the buttons uh the real buttons uh we have to use um. We better c um uh use uh quite uh large buttons uh for um yeah. Everybody uh have to use it so Uh ol even even old people um young people. So uh we must keep uh buttons uh quite s uh simple and quite large. So uh Um Yeah. Uh yeah. That was uh my uh part of it. So N I I don't think so. Uh you got uh quite a cheap uh touchscreen. S um it's uh not uh in colour or something. Uh it's just uh um one colo Uh yeah. Uh I seen uh w uh something on the internet uh not today but uh a few uh weeks ago. Uh you got uh yeah quite an uh a kind of uh touchscreen um and it's uh for uh twenty uh Euros or uh less uh. So it's possible. Yeah. Yeah that's true. Uh. Okay. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. forty Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Mm. Yeah. But um deaf people need uh teletext for uh for subtitles. So it's Yeah. It's Mm. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If it's only for televi Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we can s we can skip the display, so uh we don't need it. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Hmm. No. No. No. Hmm. Mm. Hm. No. Mm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm. Yeah. Mm. Mm. No. So 'Kay. Yeah. Right. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
";The project manager stated the agenda and the marketing expert discussed what functions are most relevant on a remote, what the target demographic is, and what his vision for the appearance of the remote is. The marketing expert also brought up the idea to include a docking station to prevent the remote from getting lost and the idea to include an LCD screen. The user interface designer pushed for a user-friendly interface with large buttons, a display function, a touchscreen, and the capability of controlling different devices. The industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote and the project manager briefed the team on some new requirements they are to abide by. The team then discussed teletext, the target demographic, the buttons the remote should have, the idea of marketing a remote designed for the elderly, an audio signal which can sound if the remote is lost, LCD screens, and language options. 
"Okay. About the components design. Um for the energy source we can use a basic battery or, a as an optional thing, a kinetic energy, like in a watch, which you just shake and it produces energy. But if we choose for that option, the docking station would c become obsolete. So I don't think it's really an option. Uh for the casing, uh the uh manufacturing department can deliver uh a flat casing, single or double curved casing. It's really up the the design that we're gonna use. It's uh doesn't uh imply any technical restrictions. Uh as a case supplement, we could um, I thought of that l later, uh a rubber uh belt, like a anti-slip. Uh for the b buttons, we can use plastic or rubber. And the chip-set, um it says simple here, but it should be advanced, because we're using an L_C_D_ uh screen. And as uh the trend-watcher presentation showed, um people like wood, but it raises the price and it doesn't really fit the image, unless we would start two product lines. Form should follow function overall. Um well the kinetic energy source is rather fancy. But depends on what we want. I think we should disc discuss that. Um for the case, uh the supplement and the buttons, it really depends on the designer. And the chip-set uh really should be advanced because otherwise uh it would really be a simple uh remote control. And that's it. Yes w there there are four options. We could use the basic normal battery. Uh a hand dynamo. But I don't think that's really an option. You don't wanna swing before you can watch television. Uh solar cells. But not every room is very light so it's not a very good option. Or the kinetic energy. Well y you basically shake your remote, and then it powers up. Yeah. Yeah. That's true. Oh. Mm I don't have any information on pricing. So I'll have to ask the manufacturing department. But that would also go for the L_C_D_ screen then I guess. It's a bit higher percentage, but Okay. And that's the best choice. Well there isn't any choice there because we're using the the the the display. So it's gotta be advanced. Mm I dunno. I'll have to uh research. Yes. Yes. Well the the general like most older remotes are flat, just straight. And uh our d manufacturing department can also deliver single curved or double curved ca curved cases. Um it would just only affect the form, for as far as I know. So it's j really just up to the design department what we're gonna use. It doesn't really matter for the price or the functionality. Pick one you like, yes. Yeah. I think we should start by by choosing a case. Because that's the basis you're building on. So I could draw them out. Let's look at the flat case. Oh. It's from the side so it's rather normal. The the single curved so I'm not really sure what they're gonna look like, but I think it's something like this. So this type should be better for you or better Should prevent repetitive strain injury a bit. And the double curved s looks something like this I guess. So th those are the three options we have. Yeah. It's more logical to have it on top as well because, like on your mobile phone, it's always above. Oh maybe you should just s start on a blank page. Okay. Okay.
Good afternoon. Sure. I'll start off then. Doh. 'Kay I'm uh gonna inform you about the trend-watching I've done over the past few days. Um we've done some market research. We distributed some more enquetes, questionnaires. And um besides that um I deployed some trend-watchers to Milan and Paris to well get all of the newest trends. And I've consulted some additional trend-watch trend-watchers, after the original trend-watchers return, about what the the best design would be. Um okay these are some overall findings. Um most important thing is the fancy design. Um the research indicated that that was by far the most important factor. Um innovativeness was about half as important as the fancy design. By innovativeness this means um functions which are not featured in other remote controls. Um about half of, half as important as the innovativeness was the was easy to use. Um for our um group, we're focusing on the people of sixty to eighty y years old, this is um, these factors are slightly more equal. 'Kay these are some more group specific findings. Uh the older people prefer dark colours. Uh they like recognisable shapes, and familiar material. And our surveys have indicated that especially wood is pretty much the material for older people. Um this is, this image will give you a little bit of an impression about um the look-and-feel that um the remote should have. Um this leads us to some personal preferences. Uh the remote control and the docking station should uh blend in in the in the room. Um so this would mean no uh eye-catching designs. Just keep it simple and Well the docking station and small screen would be our main points of interest, because this would be the These would uh be the innovativeness in the remote control. So this would be very important that we at least include these features. Um well the trend-watchers I consulted advised that it b should be, the remote control and the docking station should be telephone-shaped. So you could imagine that uh the remote control will be standing up straight in the docking station. This is not really This is pretty much a new shape to uh older people. So they would prefer uh a design where the remote control just lies flat in the docking station. So it would be kinda more telephone-shaped. Um besides that we would advise um to bring two editions, one with a wood-like colour and maybe feel, and one with a grey-black colour. The wood-like for the more uh exclusive people. People with more money. Uh the grey-black colour for well people with less means. That would be all. Any questions? And how exactly does the kinetic energy work? You just You use it and it works. Okay. Well personally I don't think that older people like to shake their remote control before they use it. And besides that you mentioned it would make the docking station obsolete. And I think our docking station could be one of the marketing issues with which we can um get great popularity for our product. Um wel Yeah you could load up the batteries, you could um insert the find the lost remote control function in there. That's true. I'm wondering um what will the voice recognition mean for the production price? 'Cause in our earlier um market research, if you'd allow me to go to the flat board, SMARTboard. Um so it was open here. Um we also um asked if w they would, if people would pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. Well you can see here, our target group would not do that. So if that would increase the price for which we're selling our remote control I would greatly advise not to do it. I think that would be better to uh insert in our other product, that is meant for the younger people. Um well this is Yeah but this is here the question was, would you prefer it. So that doesn't really mean they wouldn't pay extra for it. And on top of that the L_C_D_ screen would um help in making the remote control easier to use. And I think a voice recognition function would not make the remote control much easier to use. Um well this was for like an L_C_D_ screen like you would have on a on the the most advanced mobile phones. So pretty large. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Well And I think most important factor there is the wooden colour. So it wouldn't actually have to be wood, if it's just wood-coloured. Probably. Yeah that is true. Yeah. We would have to look carefully into the design though. 'Cause we would have to make one w uh control which would fit in with a wooden cover and a plastic cover. The more original one, or the more standard one. So that would Well I wouldn't design a telephone but Well no I think w we should just, we should then just design one um one remote, but it would have to be fancy with either the wood cover or the plastic one. So, but that shouldn't be too much of a problem. Um I heard our Industrial Designer talk about uh flat, single and double curved. Could you explain that a little more? Mm-hmm. And what would single curved and double curved mean? Okay. So we can pretty much just do whatever we want. 'Kay. That's good. No just to lie down. We'll go for that. Well or besides it. Mm-hmm. Um you uh said you wanted to put the um changing channels button on the right side, so you could, so your thumb would be easily Well uh I think that was a very good point 'cause I pointed out earlier that a lot of remotes cause R_S_I_. So that would be great for that. Um I thought maybe we could just make one of those buttons on both the left and the right side. For left-handed users also. For the volume. Um well that could Yeah we could do that but I'm not sure if that would be very good for the easy, ease of use. But if we would make um a changing channels and changing volume button on both sides, that would certainly yield great options for the design of the remote. 'Cause it could be made all symmetrical and stuff. That is true. Yeah. Yeah. That is true. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And I'd prefer the corners to be round. Think that would be better. Friendly on the eye. Yeah. Yeah. Very good.
No. Mm no. Um 'kay um yeah. uh some uh research uh a about um designing of an interface. Um the uh last meeting uh we had a about um uh using a f few buttons. So uh um uh that's w what I what I want to uh uh to do in uh our design. So um finding an attractive uh way to control uh the remote control. Um the uh I found some uh something about uh speech uh recognition. So maybe uh we can uh use uh that. Um Uh and uh using a little uh display. So um findings. Um yeah just um we have just to focus on the primary um functions. So uh only uh buttons uh for uh sound, um for uh on-off, um uh shifting u up uh sa uh ca channel or uh down shifting down. Um uh let's see. Um yeah and Uh we uh need some uh new a attractive functions uh uh which attract uh uh people for using it. So uh it's uh like a speak uh speech uh recognition and um a special button for selecting uh subtitles. Just uh what we uh mentioned uh last uh meeting. Um and yeah overall um user-friendly. So uh using uh large large buttons. Um It's uh possible to uh uh to make um quite cheap uh system for uh speech uh recognition. Um you can think about um uh when you lost your um remote control, you can uh call it and um it gives an um sig signal. So uh uh yeah. And and uh for uh shifting up a sen uh c ch channel or uh for um uh putting out uh sound or something, you can uh just give a sign uh say um sound off or A and uh yeah. Television uh put the sound off uh put the sound off uh. Um Let's see. Uh yeah. I was thinking about the special uh button for uh subtitles, um just one button to keep it uh simple. Uh one push on the button uh you get uh uh small uh subtitles. Um double push push um, if double click, um so uh you get uh big uh subtitles, for uh people uh um uh which c f uh who can't uh read small uh subtitles. So uh Um Yeah and w we have to keep uh in general buttons uh so um we've got um the buttons we have to use. The on-off, sound on-off, sound higher or lower, um the numbers, uh zero to uh uh nine. Um the general buttons m more general b one button for shifting up and shifting down uh channel. Um also we want to uh use a little d display uh for um for displaying the uh the functions of the buttons. And um we can uh build in a function f which uh shows the channel or some uh which the t television is on. So um made a little uh picture of uh it. Um See. Um yeah. Just um we can put uh the on-off button uh over in this uh corner, um almost uh e all uh remote controls uh are using a on-off button on that place. Um so uh people uh will uh recognise uh um the button. So um D display uh of it, it's uh just a small display. Uh um you can put it uh on top. Um it's uh most uh uh place where people uh, most of looks at. So uh um and a special uh button for shifting up uh and uh shifting down uh channel, um it's uh on place where um the thumb of of the So you you can uh easily uh shift up or shift down. Um it's uh quite uh handy place. So um and uh all the f functions for subtitle uh one button, uh for sound uh Uh and uh for our design, um uh we have to discuss about it uh I think uh so uh the form of it so And that's it. Mm. Nah. But what's the function? Yeah f for loading up uh the batteries. B b Okay but uh it won't use uh much e energy uh I I believe. Uh it's uh just a small display so I believe uh it will run on one battery for um six months or f or or more. So I believe one battery uh is just enough. Uh so Okay. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh. Mm. Mm. 'Kay. Yeah. But uh is uh our uh research um about um bi large uh L_C_D_ sh uh display, or uh just a small one uh we want to uh use? Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh I dunno. Mm. Mm. Uh is it possible uh to make um changeable uh case. So um uh you 'cause uh Yeah with uh mobile phones uh uh so uh like the Nokia mobile phones, uh when you can change the case of it. So maybe it's possible uh possibility. So um um you have just to make one um standard um remote control, and um yeah you can sell uh few uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. okay. Mm. Uh we can just use the regular form of it, but it's um not quite uh fancy. So um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For uh Uh for Yeah yeah. Mm. Yeah we um Is it possible to um program it s so uh you got on the left side uh or on the right side uh buttons for for shifting u up and shifting up? And on the uh other uh uh o other side uh buttons for uh shifting, uh for for the sound? Or Or isn't it? Yeah okay. Uh. Mm. Yeah but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See um yeah. Or we have to make a left uh For lefties and Um You mean um Yeah if Mm no. Yeah. Um Yeah. It's just uh u using uh your thumb. So um it's Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. So um Do you say this um S uh Uh you got like uh sort of a I believe There? So um you want to put a display over here? Or not? Yeah. Um Yeah. Uh we can make it um Mm? That's the top. So uh this top. This down. Um maybe it's possible to uh make this side like um Let's see. Um Colour uh okay. Uh to make this side um like mm the right colour. Um bit like so uh um in the form of your hand. So um Uh it's an So so the remote control have to um lay in your hand. So uh it's possib um yeah for s so and And to put uh the the buttons for um changing uh the channel uh over here uh Yeah. Uh rem Yeah but this place um Uh it's Yeah I dunno um Yeah. Yeah so So Five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. But um the on-off button, um still on the top uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Uh good afternoon. This is our third meeting already. I hope you enjoyed your lunch. I did anyway. Um let's see. Presentation three. Okay this is um the second phase uh we're going to discuss today. It's the conceptual design meeting. And a few points of interest in this meeting um are the conceptual specification of components. Uh conceptual specification of design. And also trend-watching. Um these are hopefully the points you addressed in uh your pre uh presentations you're going to show me in a few minutes. Um but first I'll show you the agenda. Uh first the opening. Then we have three presentations. Uh after that we have to come to a decision on remote control concepts. How we're going to make it. And then we're closing. We have about forty minutes. Uh so I suggest let's get started. Uh did someone encounter any problems during the preparation? No? Everything fine? That's nice. Then a little uh thing about the last meeting. Uh these are the points um we agreed on. The requirements and the target market. Uh requirements are uh teletext, docking station, audio signal, small screen, with some extras that uh button information. And we are going to use default materials. Um does somebody have any comments on these requirements? Maybe? No? These are just the the things we thought of, so maybe if you figured something else or thought of something else, just let me know. And maybe we can uh work it out. And we're going to target uh sixty to to eighty year old customers. So now everybody knows what we're do we're doing, um I suggest let's get started with the presentations. So shall we keep the same uh line-up as uh last time? Okay. Good luck. Okay. Thank you. Any questions about the the trends? Mayb No? Okay, we go on to the next one. Okay. Uh thank you. Okay. Thank you. So that brings us to the discussion about our concepts. Mm. 'Kay. So these are the points we have to discuss. Um first I think we can talk about the energy source, since that's um has a pretty big influence on production price, uh and image. Uh so uh f I think first of all we have to see uh it is possible to introduce kinetic energy in our budget, I think. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh Uh well I think uh elderly people just like to have everything in place. And I don't think they they like uh remotes just laying everywhere in their rooms. So maybe a docking station will help them give the remote a place. And also what you said. Um you can introduce voice recognition by uh finding back your remote. But I think it's um more efficient and cheaper to put it in the docking station. So you have a but button on your docking station which you can push, and then it starts beeping. And then we can we can still use the voice recognition, but maybe then for only the the channels. That's safe. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah, sure. Go ahead. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Easier to use? No, I think that's a good point. Yeah. I personally think the L_C_D_ screen we wanna use, with the extra information, I think nobody has anything against it. Because it's just uh some extra information, and it's easy to ignore as well. So if you don't wanna use it you just don't use it. And um yeah I think the um Maybe we have to uh discard the voice recognition. Because it will increase cost uh signifi uh significantly. And I don't think the I don't think it will be a lot easier to use, as well. So that brings us back to the energy. If we don't have the voice recognition, it will it won't use a lot of energy to use. Um So in that case we could use kinetic uh energy, but I think just a simple battery which you can reload on a docking station is just as good. And much cheaper as well. So Okay let me just choose for the battery. That brings us to the chip. Just the advanced. Okay, advanced chip. And then we get to the point of the case. Um which brings us a little bit back to marketing as well. Uh if we wanna choose for wood or the black and grey. Or both? Um as we saw there is not Yeah wood is a lot more expensive to produce. Um but I think it will attract elderly people who wanna have something exclusive, which they can show off to their grandkids. Look I've got a new remote control, and uh Yeah. That's right. But with colour was a lot more expensive? Or? You don't know? I think so because Yeah. It's a lot more difficult to to handle and to to get in the right shape. Yeah. Change the cases. Yeah. You can sell the cases. Yeah. I think that's a very good option. Because um then you can advertise as well with the Give your grandfather a new case for his remote control, or whatever. Because that's a it's something extra, it's something other remotes don't have, which we can get a great advantage point. So and then you can make them with colour. Black and grey, other colours as well. Costs. Yeah. Yeah. So you suggest we should design two different telephones on which you can apply, yeah remote controls, on which you can apply different case covers, for example. Remote. Yeah. Okay. So everybody's okay with the changing covers? I think that's a good uh good option. Changing case covers. Yeah. Mm. Okay. Uh but the form has to be um It has to It's has to be possible to stand up? Or just only to lie down? And the the cover of the the docking station is also on top of the television then? Or not? And you can just yeah then click it in. That's okay. Um so the interface. What type of interface do we want to use? Um maybe you can make a little drawing of it on the on the the board. Does somebody have ideas for a form or Yep. Mm. Usabili Yeah ease of use will be a lot more difficult, and then it's But you have extra buttons. So people can get confused. Especially if they have the same writings on it. Can't we make uh Can't we make a remote which you can flip over and use on the same functions as the normal one? Then you have to Let's see if I ca A blank one. And then you get Here's a little L_C_D_ screen. Uh now I have to think. It's a plus and a min. No it's not very handy I think. Because the plus and the min will be opposite and all kinds of No that's not gonna work. I guess. Maybe we should Yeah. But is it a problem that left-handed persons use a different hand? I think the functions are that basic that nobody should have any problems with uh choosing a channel or Y yeah. Yeah. I think we could just uh leave it a normal shape. Uh but maybe we have to make it a l a bit more fancy. In one or ano another way. Yeah. Um yeah just Yeah. Easier? 'Kay. I suggest um the single curved, because maybe the curve is pretty good to put the the screen in. Uh so that elderly people can uh use the remote control and at the same time look easily at the screen, because it's a bit, it has a bit of a angle. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. But now it's Do you have it upside down or Do you have it this that's top? Okay. Yeah. So get your mouse. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good one. But I think it's better to put the screen uh on top. So just flip it a hundred and eighty degrees around then you get here. If you can have this one, you turn it like this. And then flip it upside down. Because uh maybe your hand is in the way, if you have the display here. I think i On top. Yeah.. So then we get Here's That's the curve. Here the display, and then buttons. Yeah and then we can have a little bit off here and here maybe. Just that's for left hand and right hand users. And then h the rest of the buttons over here. Yeah still here jus That's Yeah. Should be more bit more friendly, yeah. 'Kay. Supplements. That's okay. Where's my mouse? Then We've got a general idea of the concepts and the materials we're going to use. So now for the next meeting uh we'll have to look at the look-and-feel design. It's important that the corporate design image uh is going to be in the remote. So check out the corporate website maybe. The user interface design, it's the same story. And product evaluation. So the Industrial Designer and User Interface Designer are going to work together on this one. But you're going to get your instructions I think sended by the coach. So just um I will put these um minutes on the in the folder. And then we're going to uh try to finish our project, and uh make a good design for all the grandfathers and grandmothers, I think. Which are Uh let's see. I'm not sure if you're going to start right away to work together or I think you're going to fill in the questionnaires first. And then you'll get a message. So that's uh basically it. Maybe this one? Then we can save this one in the folders group. Uh yes, it's here. SMARTboard, there it it. So if you wanna have a look at it, it's over there in the projects folder. And then I guess we'll start in thirty minutes again. Thank you.
";The project manager opened the meeting and recapped the decisions made in the previous meeting. The marketing expert discussed his personal preferences for the design of the remote and presented the results of trend-watching reports, which indicated that there is a need for products which are fancy, innovative, easy to use, in dark colors, in recognizable shapes, and in a familiar material like wood. The user interface designer discussed the option to include speech recognition and which functions to include on the remote. The industrial designer discussed which options he preferred for the remote in terms of energy sources, casing, case supplements, buttons, and chips. The team then discussed and made decisions regarding energy sources, speech recognition, LCD screens, chips, case materials and colors, case shape and orientation, and button orientation. 
"Good afternoon. So Hello. No problem. Okay. That's possible on uh this time of day. Starts at three o'clock. Uh Uh, let me see. Our fourth and last meeting. There he is. Yes. Okay this our last meeting. In this meeting we will discuss our final design. And we will do some evaluation about the, not only the product, but also the project. And then we're going to close the project today as well. So after this you will be uh free to go and uh spend all your money. And this uh design, detailed design meeting uh we will discuss uh the look-and-feel of the design, the usability interface design, and we will do the product evaluation. Um, in order to do that we have this agenda. We'll have the prototype presentation first. Then we will set up some evaluation cri um criteria. Then we will look at the finance. Uh we will have to see if everything we wanna do is also possible within our budget. Because everything costs money, and the more functions you wanna have the more money it will cost. So we have to see if it fits within the twelve and a half Euro per remote. But we will see that later. Then we will do the project uh evaluation, and the closing after that. We've got forty minutes. So we will be finished at half past three. But first um we will do the this is prototype presentation. So, if some yeah if somebody wants step forward. Okay. Okay. Uh but um I thought in a few meetings earlier we uh uh tried to keep it uh simple. Uh just a few buttons and large buttons. But uh I think these are altogether quite a quite a few buttons. So I'm wondering if we if we neely really need all of those buttons. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Long time. Yeah. If you put Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh teletext and subtitles are yeah necessary. Okay. Yep. Okay. So we had somebody about th interfa Something about the design of the buttons there? Just n normal plain buttons. Yeah. 'Kay. No. No. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Okay. That's nice. Then because we only have thirty minutes left, I will move on to the finance part, which is pretty exciting, to see if it's all possible what we wanna do. And I can tell you that we're going to have a pretty hard time producing this for twelve and a half Euros. If we see I don't know if I've filled in correctly, so just correct me if you see uh something wrong. I counted two batteries. But maybe we can also use one. I don't know if it's possible. It's rechargeable. That's right. Okay. That's two Euros off. We need the advanced chip. So there's not much to uh to save there. Here we have the single curves. Uh we can see that the difference between uncurved and the single curved is one Euro. Um, I don't know, but I think the single curved is good for design, and also for the display to have a prominent place on the remote control. I think we have to keep that. Then we have the case material supplements. It's plastic. It's the cheapest one we need. So that's uh not much to save either. But then the biggest costs are the buttons. So maybe we really should try to discard some buttons to uh keep our costs low. Because you have to we will have to get the twelve and a half Euros at the end. Um, so if we Let's fir first count the buttons we have now. Because I Sixteen. Nah, that will be even more then. Eighteen Euros. So, seventeen. Okay, including the help? Yeah. Uh seventeen. I think we can uh discard the help and the mute button uh by pressing down volume long, or pressing down a a number long. That saves us uh one Euro already. 'Cause then we have got fifteen I think? Fifteen buttons. And this is No those are one, I think. Yeah but th it's not stated in this files. So maybe we can we can even make one button with the volume and the channel in one, by pressing That's possibility as well. So And it's good for the design as well. So you can make Uh let's see. If you make this Looks a bit like uh a cross. Plus. Min. Uh s yeah channel. Yeah w Yeah th I think they count uh the materials. Yeah on the chip there. Yeah. That's right. That's right. But I think because we have the advanced chip we can just count this as one button. But No but I think Yeah. Maybe it is, but then it seems to me that it's impossible to get the twelve and a half Euros. Also the L_C_ display, I think it's, I think it's too expensive for the display we use. I think they uh try t That's right, but what's the big advantage of our remote then? Yeah. No. That's extra. That's extra. That's right. That's an option. Poland. Something. Polish supplier. Don't you think we can, if we can count this as v as one button, and integrate th uh these buttons in three, then we save a lot of money as well. Yeah. That's a point. Yep. No. Yeah but uh we have to stick to the twelve and a half Euros. We don't have any more budget to develop it. Yeah. So It is. If you leave out the L_C_ display. And if you use less buttons. Say Or you can take the single chip. There it is. But then w Good looking. Yeah. I think it's uh difficult as well, but Or we can leave out the ten buttons and take one scroll wheel for the programme numbers. Then w Because then we save ten buttons. Then we have five and one. And and see. If we have this one and we've got the advanced W uh, we're getting close. Then you will Or maybe you can um scroll. If you scroll you will see the numbers on the L_C_D_ display. Until you've got the right number, then you push it. Alright. It's gotta scroll and push. Okay but then you you can push uh some other button as well. Yeah. That's right. So if you scroll to a number and then you wait a half second, then it g turns to that channel. But it would definitely crop cost, a lot. And we need the battery. And the regular chip is not possible? It has to be advanced? It has to be advanced. Yeah. Okay. And we can save a Euro by a flat design. That's an option we can Then we're almost there. Yeah. So if we Yeah but I think that's That is a big advantage, if we're But Can we use can't we integrate the teletext and the subtitles in one button? If you push it three times? Yeah. Ah that's not really that No. I think if you make a good advertisement uh on television and in the in the guide, you can explain to the people how to use the scroll wheel. If you just make it real simple. Because it saves it saves a lot of money. And we can keep our L_C_D_ screen, which can provide extra information. How to use the scroll wheel. How to use the other bu buttons as subtitles. And it's good for the innovative design as well. If you would erase these. Mm eraser? And we put uh Looks a bit odd maybe. That is Something like that. Then, yeah. We've got the scroll-wheel. One, two, three, four, five buttons, if we erase this one. And these are two buttons then. Yeah. Yeah. That's really a good good idea, I think. And it will make the use of the scroll wheel uh more obvious indeed. So we make one for the volume, one for the channel. Plus scroll. That's right. So we've got one, two, three. Yeah, we can leave the teletext in if we want. That's m that's better. Y yeah. Mm yeah. Uh yeah, and then you can That's right. So we can decrease this one to four buttons. Yeah. That's no problem. Yeah. Yeah. It's uh it's more the moulds in which they are being made, I think. Single curved is really easy to just fill in. And cases come right out of the machine. And single curved you have to have a different uh different machine, than a flat one. I think this is a really easy one. Um, what does everybody think about a flat or a single curved design? Freek, what do you think? Yeah. Yep. We have to cut costs. Yeah. Yeah I'm ag Ask for more money. Yeah. Yeah. I am agreeing with the usability. Yeah. Yeah. But th um I think we can then keep the single curved one. Just to express our L_C_D_ screen a bit more. So people will use it more, and especially for the help functions, it will be good if we have scroll bar, scroll button. It will be necessary to have good help function, as well. So this is scroll. I think it was better to have this price list a bit earlier. Before we went on to the to the whole design. But I'm glad we could make a bit. It's pretty different, if you saw the last one than this one. Yeah. It will. Yeah. No, but I think I think the most That's right. We can let l We can stick it out, a bit. Like a old old buttons. Maybe that's recognisable for them as well. Yeah. That's a good one. So, I'm afraid we have to move on. And it's uh it's b uh less frightening, I think. If they see this design they think oh, there are only five buttons, and uh But we will see. Yeah. That's definitely right. Yeah. I would buy it. That's right. I would buy it if I was six. No I don't know. What it costs under twelve and a half Euros? No? Uh, yes they are. No. But we can go on with the project evaluation. Let's see. I can sit down I think. We still have fifteen minutes left, so we're nice on schedule. Um, the project process. Evaluation criteria. That's right. That was the the point I forgot. I should There we are. Evaluation criteria. Go ahead. We've got five minutes I think for those criteria. No we've got fifteen minutes but Uh yes. What? Uh yeah. Okay. Yeah, that's because my pen failed to upload his data. I tried to but it's uh it's giving errors by downloading the software. I think it's fancy. Yeah. Six. Very. Subtitles, buttons. Yeah. Seven. Yeah. So we've got twenty cents for our docking station, huh? Yeah. That's right. That's a bit dodgy. I would say four. Four or five between. Between four or five. Yeah. Is it functional? Yes. No. Think it's uh seven. It was. I had them worked out. Mm. They are ugly, not very functional, and getting lost. Yeah. No I think with our new radio button, I think it's uh I think it's better. I think it Yeah. I would give it a four. Then we have to do the three. It's the Yes it is. Yeah. And they wanna put fashion in their products. Uh in the slogan of the company. And we have the removable front cases. So, I think it's very recognisable. Yep. We've got a calculate it. Mm? N We've gonna We're going to evaluate it. Forty nine. Forty one. That's Around eighty percent. What is it? That's eighty four percent. I think that's a pretty nice score. Okay. Thank you. So, that brings us to the project evaluation. Yep. Thank you. Project process. Did we move through the right phases, you think? Along the process? That's right. So lack of information about prices. Okay. Uh Okay. Satisfaction. Was there room for creativity? No? It's because of the finance sheet. Yeah. The room was Yeah. Restrictions. Internet access. 'Kay. Leadership. Was it clear what everybody had to do uh according to their roles and functions? Yeah? Teamwork? Did it work out? Working together? Also, you two of you with the uh last phase? Nice. tasks. Okay. Were the means sufficient for the tasks uh we had to do? Or were they too much? Smart-board. If it wants to download its uh data. Failed download. Smart-board was irritating. So you rather wanted to have a flip-over? Or something else? Faster as well, I think. Yeah. Flip-over. Yeah. Uh you need a smart board uh application I think. But I think you can Yeah. Should be possible. Yeah you can export it as image. Must Yeah must be So the sharing of the information was uh was okay? Uh, network. Yeah, pen is here on the table. Yeah. It's possible. Okay. That's nice. Have we found new ideas for having this kind of meetings? Or Yeah. Yeah. So Yeah. So everybody puts his own score. And then it mediates the score, and you can get one Yeah. That's better. So that's uh How do we call? Evaluation criteria. Okay. Mm, any more ideas? Or questions about the project? Or about the product? Because I think then that we get to our last sheet. Are the costs within the budget? Yeah. Do we Docking station. That's a good point. But maybe because of the docking station the price of the remote can also be a little bit higher? Uh and I think you can compensate that as well. So I think that shouldn't be the biggest problem, because it's very cheap to make as well. Do we think we gonna get the twelve and a half million? Or what was it? Fifteen fifteen million. I think we will. If we gonna export this product. It's innovative. Especially in America. People are pretty decadent. Sometimes. You can do more. Yeah. Just put it on the market for everybody. You can you can change markets where by changing the front covers. That's one thing you can change it with. So you can also try to uh reach the younger people by uh putting fancy covers on on the market. Just as a test. See how it works. That's I think a good advantage. Yeah. Uh, uh then I think we can have our little celebration, right now. That's it. Yeah. I think we still have to fit in one more questionnaire. I think. I don't know. I didn't get a message from the from ending of the Oh I think I have one now. Five more minutes? Oh that's nice. Then we still have some questions. If somebody has some questions they can ask them now. Or we can put these in the project folder as well. Maybe that's Export as picture, I think. Hmm. This is another network, I guess. Does somebody see the project folder? I don't. Hmm. My Documents. Yeah, I'll just put it in My Documents and uh That's okay. Okay. I think I'm going to make our final presentation now. And then I will be back in about ten minutes to show you the final presentation. Summary of the project. Yeah. Questionnaire. I think you all get a questionnaire in in your room. And then I'll meet you in I think about ten minutes, or something. Okay. Thank you. Hopefully my pen will download its software. Oh. Or data.
So Yeah. Yeah. Uh, that's just uh the normal uh as th as the normal uh remote controls uh So um You put it uh you um came in uh page uh one hundred. Now you can use the normal uh one to zero buttons. And you But you can also uh use the um button th for uh changing the the channel. S so uh the shifting uh button. Uh for uh yeah shif shifting up in uh on t on t uh teletext, and shifting uh down. So Oh yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Uh, or you can build in uh when you press uh one button uh uh Yeah. But m Yeah. We disc discuss that already. But uh we think uh old people uh don't know that uh option. So uh they just put in uh put press uh the button and uh And uh Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it Yeah yeah. Just to recognise it, so uh Uh yeah and now we don't need uh LEDs or um Y uh s some uh remote controls uh do it also, but um uh because we use the little display we don't uh have to use it. Uh so Nay. Mm. Yeah we can u just uh 'Kay. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Uh Sixteen, I believe so. Uh seventeen. Uh with the help button. Yeah.. Yeah. Where did uh Uh, it's just one button. But, um Yeah. There were uh two uh for one big button. But they are uh more expensive than the small ones. Uh, yeah. So It's just a. But I don't don't know if if it's cheaper. So uh, we've still got four buttons, but just um So You got uh not not a butt button itself, but uh on the um Yeah. On the chip you've got still uh four uh four buttons. So Yeah, but. Are we gonna buy a um a remote control uh when you can uh use it? So um Yeah. We m uh we must um stay below the um below um twelve uh fifty or Can't uh go um Nay. Is it impossible to But it is possible to make one uh for uh twelve fifty. I don't think so. S Yeah. But, you can't use uh Yeah. But we want to make a uh so uh uh fancy and a good uh Yeah. Uh, wi with n Oh, with uh attractive uh o options. So uh, you can stay uh below uh twelve fifty. So Scroll-wheel's one. No, it Yeah. Yeah. Mm. D yeah. Hmm. Ja ja. Yeah, or we have to uh skip the subtitle uh button. So Yeah Yeah it's a big advantage. But um, it's Uh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But if you push the teletext button twice It's uh One m uh one b uh, a few buttons. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Uh yeah. But uh, you can make a f quite a big uh remote remote control for uh just the same price as a small one. Just uh you only have to pay for the double curved or single curved. It uh it's a bit uh.. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The th No. But um But they know the scroll-buttons from uh old radios. Uh they cal also uh buttons like that for uh changing uh channels. So maybe it's uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. But very special, so uh No. Mm. Yeah? Mm. 'Kay. Uh six. Yeah. Mm. Sh Yeah. Mm. Not really. For old people I I W Yeah. Four. Yeah. N Yeah. No. Mm m Yeah. Mm, th yeah. Yeah. Uh We have to test it s But Uh, yeah, true. I go for three. So Yeah yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Mm. Yeah. So Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah. But Uh Yeah. A flipper's uh easier, so Yeah. But if you want to share uh of uh when you make um a picture like this uh on the presentation, it's easier to uh share it with uh other people. Uh so uh you can sh save it uh and uh put it on the internet, or uh uh in shared f uh folder or uh sh uh shared directory. So So Yeah? No? T can uh can you export it uh like a Yeah.. Uh. Uh, yeah. So you can Uh It's possible. Okay. Um, yeah maybe um uh when we n uh just uh give the numbers of of uh Uh uh o one of uh out of s uh sev Um it's uh easier to uh to do the th things that are like that on a computer. Uh, so uh just l uh like uh at u university uh So Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Mm yeah.. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Ah. Ah. Ah. Hmm. Where's the champagne? Uh, I believe y uh Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Uh maybe uh they will save it. So uh Okay. Uh maybe we have to fill uh another questionnaire. So uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Okay. Well this is what me and Richard came up with. The default spot for the on-off button. The mute button just below that. Then there's the volume and channel selectors. Simple plus-minus button. Uh we thought of a help button. If you hold it and you press another button, uh the help goes to the L_C_D_ screen. Then there's the zero to one to zero buttons. A button for teletext. A button for the subtitles. And the company logo. So it's rather simple prototype. And uh we'll have to see from testing uh how the users take it. Sure uh just pop in at any time. I think if you look at most controls, they've got more buttons than this. And well the on-off button, it's it's a necessity. You can't drop that one. The volume and channel buttons, you need you obviously need those those. The mute button could be replaced uh by pressing the volume-down button twice. So we could cancel that one. I think the help button really is necessary because there's no other way to know when someone wants to know what a button does. Well, you can't leave out the number buttons I guess. And Yeah. So it's rather basic already. Yeah, they're It's rather hard to draw on the white-board. But they're supposed to be equal sized, round, with a with a little logo on it for the for the volume, the the triangle and stuff. Just for recognition. So and for the materials we've just chosen for rubber buttons. With a a different colour than the case. So they jump out. And uh that's about it. Yep. Yes. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Uh that's that's a big cost. If we leave out the display we can also save money on the chip. Which isn't the the docking station isn't even in this c s schematic. So it's not even taken into the price. We we could save money on it. But would it make the remote more usable for elderly people? My mother can't even send send an S_M_S_ message. So Yeah. The margin will get too small. Yeah. Ten. No remote. That's We're getting closer. Yeah. You could just not scroll for a half a second. So you won't need a button. If you want to use an L_C_D_ screen you you need an advanced chip, yes. Yep. Yeah if you v could just leave out one more button. Yeah. I think so. Yeah. What if you have to scroll to page eighty eight? Eight hundred eighty eight. Yeah. Okay. No. We could make two buttons out of that. And just um If you press the volume button you can control the volume with the scroll-wheel. So that would save two buttons. If you do the same for the channel. More obvious. So if we Yeah. So If we leave out all those buttons, perhaps you can go with the flat flat case. And make it smaller overall. So if you put the the volume and channel buttons on the same height as the on-off button, the screen right behi under that, than the scroll button you get a a much smaller remote. And it sh Yeah? Yeah. Richard's argument was very good. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Six. Yeah. Four or five. Yes. No. Mm, we haven't thought of that one. I think that's a three. I still I think it's too m too fancy. Too too flashy. Twendag sieven an twendag. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. That's true. Yeah, there w there was enough room, but the finance uh Yes. Yes, was okay. The tasks are very structured, so you can just do step by step and it's very easy. Well, the smart-board, the d d drawing is just a pain in the ass, but The digital the digital pen is very nice. Yes. Yeah. A flip-over or a more precise uh digit Yes. No. Didn't work. Yes. Yeah. Considering we are not going to make a docking station. Perhaps. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay.
Good afternoon. Sorry I'm a little late. Got stuck in the traffic. Yeah. Um, is this the moment where we ask or can ask questions about the functionality? Um, when you're in teletext there usually are buttons where you just you just press it and you g go to the next teletext page. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Um Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Think so. That's what I pointed out earlier. If you just make a control for just the T_V_ there's just not much to gain here. Since it rechargeable. Um Damn. Wouldn't Yeah. No. That wouldn't be an option. Uh, d I assume you'd count the volume and channel thingies for two buttons each, right? Well, think actually there're two buttons, aren't they? Well I was thinking, maybe you could just integrate three of those numbers to one button. That would cut the cost. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But, I think this really is four buttons anyhow. Yes. Only the docking station, I guess. Maybe we should to a different supplier. Yeah. Yeah, that's what I'm wondering. Um Well, since the market research indicated that older people spend their money easier, more easy, maybe it's feasible to just put the price of the remote up a little. Especially since we have those nice features. It would be a be a pretty rigid one. Or b Basically becoming a choice between like either a good remote and a higher production cost, or just any other remote control. But how does scroll-wheel work here? That would bring up the price of the scroll-wheel also. Integrated scroll-wheel push-button. But Yeah. I think that would be like the end of our usability. Yeah, but Well, think it's pretty much the teletext subtitles are right now you just push the teletext button, go to page eight eight eight, and teletext disappears. But the subtitles stay there. I think that's the case on most Well, that could be just uh like the scroll to eight, click, scroll to eight, click, scroll to eight, click. But then again that would be d j just pretty much not an option for older people, who don't even know what a scroll-wheel is. Holding a remote with which they expect to have like ten buttons for the numbers one to zero. With only five buttons on it. And a scroll-wheel. True. True. That's a pretty big scroll wheel. So this is five buttons. Right now we have five. Mm. Well, I still think we should go for the single curve design. But then again, all these changes are not really okay with me. But since we just have to. I'd rather just go to the board and get us to spend eighteen dollars a a remote. Or do some market research and see what the options are. Yeah. Yes. Definitely. Yeah. It's pretty different. But this is not really like for the group we were making our remote. This will really require a lot of marketing to get this to sell. 'Cause if older people like familiar forms and familiar stuff. This is not familiar for them. So we're gonna have to do a lotta convincing them. Yeah. That's true. Might uh might be confusing too. They'd be like, what? Only five buttons? Yeah. But you're not sixty. Mm-hmm. So um, I like set up all these criteria. And evaluation of the thingy. Thank you. Five more minutes? Okay. 'Kay so I did some literature study study, and analysis of the requirements we set up earlier. Translated it into criteria, which would be these. Um, is the remote fancy? The shape, look and feel. Innovative? What new functions are there? Uh, easy to use? Uh, learnability is a very important factor here. Uh, is it functional? Are there not too many functions uh among the functions? And are the those functions that are there, are they useful? And the cost. The target group. Is the remote really for the group we're making it for? And recognability. If our company is If it is easily recognisable that our company made it? And So we're supposed to evaluate it right now. Let's see. Oh I have to say this was a little hard, because the minutes of our last meeting were not here. Okay. Interesting. So Is the design fancy, on a scale of one to seven? We all go for six? Good. Um, is the design innovative? I think so, with our L_C_D_ screen, docking station, scroll-buttons. Seven? Should be do-able. Is the design easy to use? Well Would be for us. But I'd go for four, too. Is the design functional? Um, do we have all functions that we want to include? I think we do. Do we have too many functions? I don't think so. It's pretty slim. Seven. Oh, and do we um take care of the biggest frustrations of the remote control? Like it getting lost and R_S_I_ influences? Think we do. Are the production costs within the preset limits? Well they are now. Does the design fit the group of focus? Yeah. I think it doesn't. I don't know. I think I think a radio button is not exactly what older people expect to have a remote control. I'm not sure. I think I'd go for two. 'Kay. Is the company company recognisable? Well, we have the logo there. So Yeah. So that will be this. I was also supposed to calculate the score, but thought we would have another private thingy after this. Is this Like after this, are we done? Or We're gonna go to our other room again. Well, anyhow. These are seven factors times seven is forty something. Two? No. Nine? Uh, minus one. Minus three, minus four. Minus four. So that would be minus eight. Forty one out of forty nine. Okay. Guess I'll just type that in on the bottom here. Hmm. 'Kay. So that will be the evaluation. Think we should have a should have had the finance thingy a lot earlier. In the design phase. Yeah. Definitely. No. Not too much. No. Yeah, true. But And I would've liked to go for the younger users also. And just to be able to access internet and get something of your own. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I tried to open the file on my laptop, but not possible. Yeah. no. Should've done that then. Pen is here. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. They are. Yeah. Fifty grand. Yeah. Yeah, still I think I mean if we're n gonna make a scroll-button anyway it'd be more for the younger people than for the older people. So maybe we should just re-focus. Or specifically for younger people. That's true. Yeah, I think then it would be way more uh popular with younger people than it is, than would be with older people. Even if it were their covers. But Party party. 'Kay. Oh you did. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it probably will. Oh yeah, you're supposed to make a final Are we supposed to go into our own rooms again? Yeah. Yeah. That'd be nice.
";In the detailed design meeting the team created a prototype. Along with buttons for numbers, channel selector, volume, mute, on-off, teletext, and subtitles, the prototype included an LCD screen and a help button for functional information. One rechargable battery, single-curve form and plastic case, brought the total cost to 17 Euros. To reduce this cost, it was decided to replace most buttons with a scrollwheel. The remaining buttons were one for channel selection, one for volume (both assisted by the scrollwheel), teletext, on-off and the help button. A suggestion to target the product to a younger or perhaps more general group was met with approval. All these components were re-arranged in a revised prototype. It was evaluated on a scale from 1 to 7 on the basis of the following criteria: fancy design (6), technological innovation (4), functionality (7), consideration of the target group (3). The remote was also recognisable as a fashionable Real Reaction product. The project process was deemed well-structured, although everyone thought it would have been better had they known the component prices at an earlier stage. Teamword and leadership were good, but room for creativity impeded by budget constraints. 
"Hello. Hello. You have to put it exactly on the on the yeah. I took your mouse. Yeah just yeah, no, that's for me, I just have to make some notes. I got my uh mouse. yeah. Uh actually my laptop doesn't work, switch it on again. Oh no. So you all read what we are going to do or not? Okay. Yeah, that's right. I just made a a simple uh presentation. So you put some things in it. Okay. How does this work? I dunno. This one? Ah cool. Okay. So that's my name,. Uh we're going to make uh a remote control, you already know that. Just have a look, are we going to uh this agenda of our meeting. You know, this is about twenty five minutes, this meeting. So um the thing we have to know is you already know what we're going to do, you also read what this the things or, not yet, okay. So um, yeah, it has to be original, trendy, user-friendly that's what we're going to design. Uh first we have uh uh three steps of uh making the the remote control. Fir the first thing is th the functional design, that's very important. We have to look what the needs are, the effects of the functional design, and and how the mm the the remote control works, so that's where we're going to look in the functional design, it's for the f next meeting. The the second thing is the conceptual design, that's what it that's uh the spe the specifications of the components and the properties and the specifications of the user interface. And we have to look what uh the market is doing for what kind of uh remote controls are in the market. And the third thing is uh the detailed design um and that's exa yeah, you know what it is, it's exactly how it looks and whatever. Okay so uh no, this is a these are two smartboards, with the uh f uh s an introduction of that one. And you already saw you know all that that you here can put uh things in the the red project uh map. Folder, okay. So no okay have a look at that one. Okay. So uh what we're going to do first is um so you can read. You have to uh draw uh a favourite animal on the whiteboard and um and say why it's your favourite animal. So and you have this is just to try it out and we have to uh use a different pen colours and different thickness of the pen. So okay, so first have to show you, maybe you can come here to have a look how it works. Yes? Okay. This a new page, it's okay. Use pen format. and a different colour can use here no I just take the pink. You take oh there's no pink, okay, oh just purple, okay. No blue. And uh line width ten. Okay uh just take what I'm going to draw is an elephant. Just draw slowly, because otherwise it won't work. It's a very nice elephant, you can see. I dunno what it looks but it doesn't matter. I just h Something like this? Oh no Yeah, okay. Because I like uh okay. Just takes so long, okay. Whatever, just. You erased this one. It's a bit slow you can see, this is a bit annoying. Okay, so just for you guys just one of you can draw a painting if you want. Just don't um yeah, just u use it like that, yeah. That's okay. It's in format. Yeah. Just No it has to be an animal, so if that's it's it should be a shna snake or something. Okay. Okay okay. Okay. Okay, cool. Hmm yeah, that's nice. Uh do you have to write down why uh that doesn't matter, just it's to get used to the whiteboard, but it's okay. Just make a new blank new blank page. Yeah, not too far to the to the t pen top. Maybe you should hold your pen a bit more to the back, so that no, to the yeah. No, it's a dog. Uh we d only have twenty five minutes, so. Use your fantasy. Just hold it more more to the back then you don't have okay. No, that's okay, thank you. I thought these pens would be just um uh you write it down and you download it to Word, you already did it or no? No, not yet, okay. But it's just Sorry? Yeah, I know, but I d I I thought it would be just in in in uh typed words in Word, so that's not just it's just a picture. So it's not that cool as I th thought it would be. No. I don't know, what time did we start this meeting, I'm not sure. Half past. Okay. Okay, perfect. Yeah, thank you. Now we just have to save everything, so. Oh this is definitely the best one. Okay, so uh what we know is that we have to sell this uh remote control for about twenty five Euros. Okay, that's. And uh we have to make a profit of fifty million Euros, so we have to uh use a big market in Europe. The production cost are about half the price of selling price, sorry. So can someone make a a calculation about how many we have to sell of these to make fifty million, I dunno. Uh so we're gonna have a little discussion about um what experience are with a remote control the and everything, so just have a look how it we think about remote controls. Oh yeah, that's a good question. I think it's I'm not I'm not sure, it's not mm I think I don't think you can buy a a a universal uh remote control for twenty five Euros, so not sure, but Okay, so we we just say we just say that's universal remote control. Okay, perfect. Yeah, everything just so a lot of buttons on the remote control. No, just everything.. so yeah, what what what's a remote control, it's just a black thing with some buttons on it, it's not nothing very special, but um yeah, that's right. So do you have any ideas how it has to look for for usability or user Hmm yeah. That's right. Should be a good point. Just big enough for the buttons we have, that's that's it. But you you you you think about uh uh one you can fold open. Okay, yeah, that's cool. Maybe for the D_V_D_ pla player or something, if you just okay. Yeah. Why should you use a touchscreen on a remote control? There are buttons on it. Okay. But it's not t t t too expensive to put a touchscreen on it. Yeah. Yeah. So. And if you have a touch screen in it, it's definitely too too fragile uh fragile. No. You can put games on your remote control. Whatever. Oh maybe that's a good idea, just to put it on your television and just s recharge, you never have to use any batteries. Yeah, how m how mu how how expensive uh is a normal recharger? I dunno. Uh if you th look at the market, it's probably it's still the best way just to put batteries in it, because maybe it's too expensive. Yeah, that's right, yeah. The option, just the option, that's cool. Yeah. Has it be has does it has to b have to be um uh like a different form than a normal remote control or Yeah Yeah. Yeah, just for the T_V_ and just the normal function, that's fine. But maybe it's maybe it's very hard to to make it fold open and to l look like it's very uh uh what's it's called? Maybe it's hard t No, that's right. So maybe we have to to uh keep it like mm a square, just normal remote control. Just think about it. We have to close this uh to finish this uh meeting, so. There's some more things. We have uh another thirty minutes, so then we're going to meet again. So you know what you have to what you have to do? Yeah. Yeah, I think this if you you have to n know if it's for s a T_V_, a D_V_D_ player, all that things. Also from a user, but all these things together. Yeah, everything. Yeah, no maybe not not uh, that's not a f that's something for for for yeah. That's not for you. Just if what's in the market, what's normal, uh what kind of uh buttons do you have. Yeah, it's alright. Yeah, just is that okay? Okay. So see you in thirty minutes. For the next time you have to uh put it exactly on the square, so your laptop. No, sorry.
Good morning. Okay. Good morning. Should I bring my uh pen too? Or Okay. I do. My laptop is crashing. Cr Help help help. Test test. Yes, it's working. I think my laptop is a bit etchy. Uh p Okay. Wow. Wow. Take it easy. I I was gonna make a cat too. Okay. Nice, eh? Uh. Excuse me. Yeah, it probably would be universal. Hmm, maybe, I don't know. And uh also for the V_C_R_ and uh D_V_D_ player and okay. Yeah, probably. Okay. And how big should it be? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah n Yeah, or you c O or you could th think of an uh uh a small touch screen on the remote control. Uh maybe be uh it's it's Yeah, or um maybe to keep it uh easy and uh small. Uh like a a to have Yeah, maybe it would. Kid-proof. And uh how about the batteries? Uh should you put it in a recharger or a just Mm yeah. Yeah, I dunno. Yeah, if you buy it uh separately from your phone it's probably expensive, but I don't know what the project uh projection costs are for such a thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but I have a mouse that's uh uh also uh Yeah, and and you just have normal batteries that you can recharge and just put it in the station, or you can change your batteries, so. Yeah. N uh if if we want to make it special, we probably have to do a lot of testing, if it really works. Yeah. Yeah. And what we have to think about too is uh uh buttons that you use often are um maybe uh like when you fold it open, when you have it closed, you can still uh do the th the functions. Yeah. But n yeah, but uh i basically when I'm watching T_V_ I'm just using like five buttons or so, so. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay.
Hello. Ah. Plate? Uh I also forgot my mouse, but I don't need my mouse, I think. Damn computers. Can you hear me? Hello? Test. I dunno. Check. Okay. I think it works. Mm-hmm. We're gonna make a remote control. Press F_ eleven. Folder, yes. Ah I can see it now. It look like a dinosaurs. Okay. Let me try one. Okay. Mm. Okay and then uh what's the colour? How do I do Ah. I'll take this one. Uh there has to be water, but Yeah yeah, but it's an animal it's an animal that lives in the water. So I first uh draw the water. Uh. Okay, and now I make the animal. It's a fish. Mm-hmm. So. Um This is a worm. Okay, who next? Uh Okay. Well Paul? I think it's a pig. Or a dog. A sheep? No. Yeah yeah, it's a real pen. Oh. Y you can you can't edit in the edit it in Word. Oh, okay. Half past ten. Brilliant. Yep. Yeah, my first question was does it have to be a a universal remote control? Because we sell it uh uh uh lonely from the t and not with the television, we sell it uh apart. So I Because Yeah, I know uh you can buy a re a universal uh control for uh only twenty uh Euros Yeah, I think. Okay. Well I th I thought about um making it the same uh style as the television, we don't have uh the same television uh all the time, so uh that's no matter. Um if we uh control the V_C_R_ and the D_V_D_ player player with it uh it has to be clear, because uh kids and uh elderly are gonna use it, so uh it's not only for the uh technical persons. Um I think it must be a very good control, so you can uh uh uh act uh use it from uh everywhere in your room, the the infrared uh thing must be from very good quality. No. Yeah. I dunno um Yes Ah that's that's Ah right right. Oh that's good, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but Yeah but it's not reachable I think, touch screen. And we have to care for uh the strength of the remote control, because uh uh remote controls are most uh things in the house that falls down on the ground and it get often uh broken. Yeah and a lots uh uh lots of kids use it and touchscreen is not uh kids uh Um Ma maybe a home station. Yeah. Ah yeah. Yeah, but a home station is uh a really good idea, because uh lots of people are uh lose their remote control and don't know where it is, and now you can put it always at the same place. Maybe it's Therefore it's a good idea, but maybe it's expensive. Yeah. You can yeah, you can buy it with it. Oh yeah. Uh I I set something on paper already, size, looks, uh usable, uh the buttons on usable places, uh the the on off button must be on top, uh it has to lay good in the hand, you you have to uh Yeah, I don't I don't know I don't know if we You can make it very special, to create our own um looks, but it's very hard to Nah. Yeah yeah, what Paul already said. Uh on on top are the the basic options on top, and if you fold it open Mm. If you if if you make to fold open it's or also an uh the strength uh is not s as good as a normal uh remote control. Okay. Um for m for me uh the Marketing Expert, the user requirements uh specification, do I need to think as a user, a as a a a only the looks and the Okay. Yeah, it's also about strength and uh for everything uh. Okay. Yep. Okay. Yeah, me too. Okay, well done. Oh Paul. Ciao. Bye bye.
Two. Good morning. Mouse. Come on. There we are. Let's just check one more time. Mm. Yeah. One uh most to the right. Yes that one. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Purple. Looks very nice. A pink elephant. The water is important. Yeah. Yeah. Like this? Okay. Um let's make it um a dog. Ooh. Ah okay. A pig? I can make a dog. Um 'Kay, I make a cat of it. Oh, not too quick. No I have it. I just draw too quick I think. Okay, that's it. More. It's just to get used to it. Yeah, that's right, it but you actually got to write on the paper. You really got to write on that paper. Yeah, but it's just a picture. You really No. It's a donkey. Uh I think it was uh Yeah. Piece of cake. Uh easy. Universal. And only television? Or more devices? Ah okay. Not just a T_V_. Okay. Well we can try to make it special. Well Yeah. Nothing N It shouldn't be too big, but I don't think we can make it too small, 'cause it has to have a lot of functions, so. We can't make it smaller than the things we see now I think. Yeah. Or we have to make something uh like uh mobile phones that you can uh fold it opem. Maybe then you can make it s smaller and uniquer, maybe more trendy. Fold open, where you can see uh more options. I think Yeah, something uh on top, just dren general things like volume and T_V_ channels and inside things you don't use that often. Yeah b I wanted No you can make an uh manual in it. But that's Yeah, I think it's much uh too expensive. Yeah, too fragile. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's a good idea, but yeah, we have to look at the price now I think. Well uh how much is your uh standards uh mobile phone recharger? Maybe have uh Yeah, 'cause well Yeah. Maybe uh use it as a separate option. Sell it uh separately. Rechargeable. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think we have to look at that, 'cause well you can do the standard way, but then you won't Well you can um have uh the basic things on the same place, like on off button on top and the T_V_ channels one two three four as a block, and then the volume uh obviously on t on top, so you can see. But the rest is uh you don't use that often, so if you have a clear button with an good icon on it, it should be clear as well. So it doesn't matter what place it is on the remote control I think, so you can do something unique with that. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's what I meant. Uh Okay, but yeah. No, what you want to do with it. Yeah, I also wrote down some stuff that you want on a Technical fun fu What do you want to do with your remote control, what do you need on your remote control. I already wrote some down, some ideas. Yep. There's already a document in the folder about it. Okay. I will. It didn't say that. Your fault. Bye bye.
";"The Project Manager introduced himself and the project to the group. He presented an agenda for the rest of the project. The group acquainted themselves with the meeting-room materials by drawing on the board. The Project Manager discussed the projected price point, profit aim, and production cost for the project. The group discussed their initial ideas about the product design. They decided to make the remote a universal remote. They discussed the form of the device; it was suggested that the device could have a folding-open design or a touch-screen interface. They discussed energy source options and could not decide between using standard batteries or a recharging stand. They also discussed how to make the remote look more unique; it was suggested that the remote could feature the folding-open design to hide complicated functions on the inside of the device. The Project Manager instructed the Marketing Expert to prepare the user requirement specification and to research which devices the remote will control. "
"Okay. Fine. The names? For for for my sur um Jens. Uh Damman. D_ A_ W_. Uh uh M_ M_. I mean M_. Double M_. Oh. Sorry. Okay. Okay. Mm. Uh Okay. Well my name is Jens Damman, but we're in a group, and I I will start it. Wait. Um I've used a marketing report on uh the site. Uh I think you've uh read it too. Uh and uh f and furthermore I uh surfed the o the other site. You didn't read it? Oh okay, I I was the only one who get it. Okay it was uh uh uh um um a report about uh an experiment with uh a lot of users. And uh they had a lot of findings in their report uh with statistical uh uh uh thing uh with statistical uh proof. So I um I had three pages with findings and sev a lot of uh a lot of findings. So we can use this uh to uh create our own remote control. Uh seventy five percent of the users find uh most remote controls ugly. Yeah, I think uh uh that's a lot, so we have to make a beautiful remote control. Uh eighty percent of users would spend when uh a remote control will l uh look fancy. I think this fits uh at the uh what what uh Michael said about uh older people. Older people will uh spend more money uh for uh something uh uh what's good. Because younger people are more critical uh about uh uh where they spend their money money at. Uh seventy five percent uh seventy five percent of the users say they zap a lot. Well okay, that's uh normal. I think uh we we have to make uh good zap buttons. But that's one of our requirements. Yes, fifty percent of users say they only use ten percent of the buttons. Um Martijn alr already said it. And uh maybe our uh fold open system is is a good one, but I don't think it's uh reachable. Yeah, the ten percent on the top, yeah. That that's a good one. Um uh page two. Remote controls are often lost somewhere in the room. That's exactly what we said about um maybe a home station for uh for it uh to uh recharge the batteries or something. Uh I thought mo maybe we could make a clap system, so when you clap your hands it will beep or something. Uh you must find it uh quickly. Okay, yeah. Yeah, we can uh combine that. Uh it takes too much time to learn how to use a r new remote control. Uh I think we must t uh take a look at this. It's only uh th thirty four of the thirty four percent. But it's uh a tough one. Because if we make a ha whole new product, our own style, we we c uh this is so difficult, uh a difficulty I think. Uh next, remote controls are bad for R_S_I_. Yeah, but only if they zap a lot, and they watch over five hours T_V_ or something. I don't We we haven't Uh we mustn't look too much at uh the last point. Okay, last page. Uh the last uh experiment uh was about gadgets, like uh speech recognition. We didn't uh think about that already. And uh an L_C_D_ on the remote control. We already thought about that. Um uh they finally had a conclusion that younger people um uh under an age of f forty five are uh more interested in new features. And but they're more critical. And older people uh want to spend uh more money. But uh they uh they don't want to uh have a lot of uh new features, because they're in their old uh thinking way. And they want to keep the old uh things the old things. But y But you but you already said that the uh company was about uh forty plus uh clients? I I think we can speak, uh we can skip speech recognition uh directly, because it's not reachable for twenty five Euros. Um then I have my personal uh preference. Okay, that's not very good, because I thought about television, D_V_D_ player, stereo and V_C_R_. I had a question about. But it's already out of the question, this. Um my point is, well, I If we ma uh make a a remote uh control for only television, I think it's hard to uh sell it for twenty five Euros. But it's the exercise. Yeah, only only for television uh On the market you can now buy for twenty Euros a remote control for everything. And we only make it for television, so we mi mm we m must made it make it uh very special. Okay, I told about the home station. Uh it must be simple, because uh our the the elderly people uh needs to use it. And I I found a motto. And we put the fashion in electronics. And that's uh the motto we are uh referenced to uh for our uh our style. We we have to make a a new product. We have to be um Yeah. One of a kind, I think. The company is about our uh th th their own fashion, their own style. Yeah, to k to keep it simple when you Sorry I thought about it, yes. Okay, this was uh my presentation. I don't Yeah. You can ask some questions or something. Mm-hmm. Um Forward. No. Uh It gets some seconds. Yeah, it's it's no it's not a It's what Paul says. It's not a remote control uh uh that um uh makes the T_V_ um do one two. It's the T_V_ who depends that it must be two seconds or three seconds or one second that you must uh type one or two. It's only for television now. No. Maybe we can give it out in different colours. You can choose blue or yellow or That's fa That's fancy. That's uh fashion. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's active. I I think it's in the case that it's active. It's not uh I it's it's just uh the the Mm. Yeah. Empty. Yeah. An automatically search function for each television, or something. Uh I kno Oh, I have a modern one. And the modern one you you uh you type uh search, and the LED began to blink blink blink. And uh uh uh after uh a short time the television turns off. And then you know, oh it it's the right one. And you can stop it, and then it's okay. So you don't have to search for your television or your code. It uh search uh the pattern for itself. Yes. Changing the signal. Yeah, that's the right uh option. Uh if you if you use the buttons, uh both of them works. But one you can't see and one indicates that you use a button. Yeah. Yeah, and Mm I think it's unnecessary power uh you use then. Okay. But then have to be on the in the all uh remote control have to be LEDs. Everywhere in the r Is LEDs uh beneath the the buttons? Yeah, okay. It must be around it then. Yeah, then Yeah. Not not not not here, but here. Maybe uh Okay. Yeah, I uh Yeah. Maybe what Paul said, uh under the on the on the home station, uh a button to uh to call your uh remote control, that it beeps. Yeah, there must be sound in it. I dunno. Mm uh, twenty five Euros, I think we can make it. Bec Twelve and a half, okay. But but we only have to make it for television, and um we must have something special. So Uh. We have to give our customers some extras. No. Uh. Okay. Changes. Uh L_C_D_ doesn't work for uh twelve and a half Euros I think. Oh. Oh, I'm watching uh the channel one. Okay. No, it's not But uh some of you had uh something to read about um uh speech uh recognition. About you said one and the television turns on one. Is that reachable maybe? That's very That's fancy. That's cool. Twelve and you've got twelve. Only the numbers, only numbers. Uh furthermore nothing. But only the numbers, one to twenty or something. That should be cool. If it's possible, I dunno. I didn't read it. Uh if i if i I didn't have information about that. Ah that's a problem, but Uh only in English. Only in English I think. No, that Yeah, then th we have to think about that. But do do we do it? It's more if we if we do it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, and uh and uh In uh indeed uh the languages are a difficult thing. Uh because we we have a lot of languages. Yeah. A uh someone says that uh give me one Coke, and the T_V_ turns uh to one. Yeah, it's not uh Okay, but th that becomes your f Uh uh because that's very hard for uh speech recognition. Mm-hmm. Okay, no speech recognition. Yeah. Yeah yeah, it it mustn't work all the time. It uh uh it have to work only when you use it. So if you No, if you use one button, it must turn uh on for twenty seconds, and then it must turn off. Oh yeah. A see-through. Mm, that's cool. But you have You had a lot of different buttons. No, I use te teletext every day, I think. Mm. Trendwatching. Okay. That's fine. Yo. Mm. Uh.
Uh Martijn. What? Uh Abbing. A_ B_ B_ I_ N_ G_. I was a little short on time, but What? Uh Just Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think the main thing is the usability, that's where we can uh make it a special product. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but then you have to remember what favourite is what channel. So you might as well remember the number. Or not? Yeah, okay. But um how can you remember what uh channel uh connects to what favourite button? Yeah? Yeah okay. But uh uh for a user to to remember, if I press that button it goes to that channel. Yeah, but isn't it hard to remember? Like favourite one and Mm as as hard as No, neither do I. Yeah, I dunno. Uh uh the p uh next and previous. Previous I know, but next channel? I don't thi Li like a web browser, so Oh, okay. But uh um there's also a button to uh go to the channel you've been before. Like a web browser back button. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, w wouldn't it be a problem to uh Because you h have to be fast enough. Maybe the elderly people Oh okay. Yeah. Yeah, but that's th mm Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I think you ha really have to divide between functions you often use, like um uh m maybe uh switch channels and uh volume and k that kind of things, and uh the menu button. Because you n almost never use menu button. So Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, the working design. The method I used is uh search the web. Just the web page provided. Um Basically I'm I'm not very technical uh uh educated, but uh I could figure it out. Um basically what happens is you press a button, uh then a circuit gets closed by pressing the button, uh like a switch. And by closing that certain circuit, the chip knows uh what bu button is pressed. So like you press a one, that circuit is closed and uh Then the chip produces a pattern. Like a Morse code to uh And and sends that to the uh L_E_D_. That's the uh light emitting diode, I think. Um and the light emitting diode is uh producing infrared light. That's un uh invisible to the human eye. And uh transmit that uh to the T_V_. However it has also an uh a visible uh diode that's uh blinking red if you look in it. And that's uh another diode, I believe. Because infrared is not visible. So that's er uh do two different things but Yeah. I I think so. I I'm not sure if it's the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, when you press it. So Two? Yeah, I dunno. Ma on on most on most uh uh remote controls it's red. So So I know. I I think uh the batteries will be uh a little Yeah, okay. Uh maybe. Yeah. That it's working. That it's not not the batteries are low. Yeah, I know. Just to indicate it's working. And uh the receptor in the T_V_ senses the pattern. So we have to understand what patterns are used to, you know, to make it universal. So that it can be used with all the T_V_s. We have to really understand what patterns are used, so we can uh o On the Otherwise it won't work. No. I I uh The chip um uh is producing the pattern. So we have to make a chip that produces patterns to, y you know, to Yeah. That are working. Yeah, or I dunno how it's uh exactly how it works. It wasn't explained there. Yeah? Okay. Ah okay. Okay. Okay, yeah. So it uh We have to make a a s a bit more intelligent chip than the standard one. Because you have to Yeah. Uh okay. Well uh y you have this chip. That's uh when the circuit is closed, it produces the pattern. But uh ma basically for uh brands of T_V_ these patterns are different. So like when you press a one on one T_V_ it go go to one. And on the other T_V_ it won't work, basically. So uh basically what you have to do is uh get these patterns right. And uh by d uh that can be done by uh just uh cha yeah, changing this pattern all the time. And um What he's doing when he's configuring this pattern, this chip, uh is trying to switch off the television. And when it's uh switched off, you can push a button as uh it's working now, so And then he saves that setting and then um it's working. Okay. Well uh the components. Yeah, that's a bit technical, and I hadn't I w I was a little short on time. Um but I think I understand it. Um the energy source is uh the battery, basically. Um that's connecting to all the components. Because it has to be fed with energy. Okay. Uh the subcomponent is uh w I I think it is uh the button pressed. So basically when you press a button, a switch get closed. Um that's connecting to a chip. So the chip knows what button you pressed. And the chip sends out uh the pattern to the infrared bulb. I didn didn't put the description by this one. Th this is a normal bulb. So the normal flashing light. Yeah. Yeah, and this is a LED too. But this one is producing infrared light that's invisible. And this one is producing normal light. Yeah Yeah, presu Yeah yeah yeah. Because uh when you button press a button and it doesn't work, it can Basically if the battery is low, it won't work. So you have to indicate that it's Huh, that's a good idea. Hmm. Yeah, but mm like when you push it n n Yeah. You have your finger over the button. So you can see Yeah. Or or m maybe on top of the A green light is flashing or Yeah. There. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have enough power to Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. B maybe it's that that's a little too hard to make. Especially for that kind of money. Because it's i it has to be Yeah. Production cost is uh t uh twelve and a half. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, the the personal preference, I didn't fill it out. Because I was short on time. But um Basically what we could do too is uh have a Bluetooth uh integration. Yeah? Okay. No, and I I think a lot of people use uh teletext, still use. Hmm. Oh. Mm. Yeah. That kinda changes the whole situation. Yeah. Mm ah I I don't y you'll use it often, because you can see on the television wh what channel you No. Yeah. I think you you have to make it a bit flashy and and popular. And uh then the usability is not that required, because the Like in the mobile phones, usability is not that good I think. I didn't read I didn't read any b Yeah. Yeah okay. I I know. Mm. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. But it has to work. And and and does it have to work only in English, or in Dutch too or And and uh w Yeah? Yeah, it's probably my job to figure that out, but And and do you have to speak in in like in a thing or Yeah, I dunno. Yeah, I think so. And and Yeah, and also if if you have a good speech uh speech recognition, you can just throw the uh the remote away. Mm. Hmm. Mm. Yeah, okay. But Hmm yeah, T_V_ one. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. Mm, maybe it's a good idea. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah, but younger people I think um more often use the internet and elderly people often use teletext. So uh Hmm. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.
Paul Wiezer. Paul Wiezer. A_ E_ Z_ zee zee E_ R_. Uh. Yeah, same here. Uh let's see. Which one was mine? Good. Uh left. So Okay. Yeah, okay. Which one first? Okay. Functional requirements, yeah. No, I didn don't thing we got it. Yes. Uh. Maybe just a button on the home station. So remote control beeps when you click that button on the home station. Yeah. Yeah, but good usability, so you can use it. Unique. Yeah, I reckon Uh I think mm Uh Yeah. But uh we also have to stand out, 'cause there are already, like you said, so many controls out that support lot of stuff. But we have to make sure that we're better usability, and stand out by just looks of it. So make it just a different colour or different shape, so Okay. Yeah well Uh. There it is. Okay. Technical functions design. Okay, well, so we have s mm uh broad audience. Isn't that isn't true anymore. But um we have elderly people, so we need to keep it simple. Uh the way I want to keep it simple is to use the sen uh standard. So standardised uh methods like uh on all uh remote controls. Not too full, like uh Jens already said, only ten percent is being used. Yeah, I have it on the next page. But yes uh basic functions like numbers and that sort of stuff. Um so the options that we put on there should be easy to use, and 'cause you have more room then, and for elderly people big buttons. Uh an icon on it or text on it, so it's very clear what that buttons does. So it doesn't take much time to figure out uh how to use it. Um a way to find out uh what people use is maybe just to use uh questionnaires on the internet or just ask some random people, elderly people what they use, what they want on a remote control to find out. But there is already in a one done. Of functions I could think of. Uh volume, channels, the the basic according to. Just one two three etcetera. Uh text service options. Um basic on-off. And I found an uh Could I think of favourites? I always look up the same um pages on text and always have to click the number. But if you could make a new option, that you just have to press one button and you get on your No y Well it's It was just a thought. So I'm, I u I would find it handy, I think, when you just press one button and you get on six six six. Well uh what I was reading on the page. Uh a remote control just sends commands, basics commands to uh the television. So switch to channel six. So uh button six says says six. And if you make favourites, it can say six six six in a row. Just numbers. That can be in the in the Well if you said a favourite Well i Never? Oh. Oh are you? Okay now, m maybe not. No, maybe elderly people uh. Right. They don't like new features. So maybe not. Um well play, pause. I dunno if that's usable when Not anymore for T_V_. Right, on off. I dunno, miss Did I miss any other buttons, basic buttons? I couldn't think of any other, 'specially not for T_V_. Is Just the channel um uh What I mean is uh Six seven eight or five. Um I dunno. I don't have Uh I did Yeah, I don't think you use that. Y only when you want to go to Yeah, just use uh when you wanna switch between channels all the time. Yeah, I think um f Especially for older peo elderly people use standard buttons. So you have that uh Yeah, the ten plus button. Just uh one one pressing, or quickly after each other. To just keep it simple and standard uh features. Uh yeah mayb But I think that's in the T_V_ as well. That's how the uh the T_V_ T_V_ handles it. But you can have a button that says um two two st two stripes. So you have uh like a five seconds period to press those two buttons. So if you have a universal T_V_ controller, you needed one button that has two uh stripes. So we have a a period of, I dunno, five seconds to press those buttons, and that And not for elderly people to look, one two uh press and aim and So I I don't think so. Uh I just thought of another one. Most things in modern T_V_s are also on the menu. So you also need a menu button. And then uh navigation uh But we can integrate that with volume and previous and next, so you have four arrows. Yeah, okay, but um Yeah, a mute button. Yes. Don't think so. Yeah well, that's that's I think that's the layers that produce. Now I have to figure out what's uh what to put on. What we're gonna use. And later we can d uh do the design. Okay, uh now my personal preferences. Uh using the standards, basic Um I think that we should stand out uh unique, being unique with the design. So we have to, I dunno, uh make a different shape than usual. So when you are in the shop and you see our T_V_ controller hanging, that it stands out. Not just in in the row when you see all the same uh remote controls. Um I dunno. Different colours um Yeah. Well why not? Or Yeah. Well, maybe you can look at uh mobile phones. Oh. Who? They they're uh designed very well. And well basically are the same, just a bit smaller. You think you can't make a T_V_ controller too small, 'cause then you will always lo always lose it. But uh well, I think that's a good example. Okay, sorry. Well uh Yeah, I I'm finished. I think we discussed everything. Uh j Is Ain't it just to to indicate that it's transmitting? So Yeah. Maybe uh Maybe depends on uh Yes. But maybe Well we don't have to make it red. Maybe integrate it in the design as well. Uh Oh, maybe it's it is would an e No. Just uh Oh. Yeah, but it doesn't have to be red. It's just to indicate something's on. Yeah. It's it's not very important, so yeah. So mm So we have to uh make buttons for that as well, to make it uh Okay. Well, I I use a universal uh remote control, and list of all the T_V_s you have, etcetera. And you have to put in a number, so it works on your T_V_. Okay, so we use that. Yep. No, y Yeah. No I don't think so, but Yeah, i it it will look different, and I think we need to find something else. Yeah. 'Cause otherwise we will just make another standard, and our uh motto also is Yeah, w around the buttons, or in the buttons even. Yeah, then then won't Then you won't see it. Yeah, we're thinking about it. Uh on a mobile phone, in the dark uh everything lights up. Why ain't that on a remote control? Yeah, if uh a mobile phone a phone can do it, it's Yeah, i if you're in the dark, you can't see the remote. No, I dunno. But if we use a battery station, which I think we will use Yep. And also it's Okay, it shouldn't take much Uh I th I think uh you also have uh remote controls with a lot of options. But we lose about ninety percent of those options. So I think you can uh Yeah. I think we will save money with that. Yeah. Okay, that's It changes things. Um Well yeah, then we have to make some nice features. I think uh the thing in the dark is a good way, to make it more like a mobile phone. More modern. That's important I think and And I d I don't don't think it's very usable in a remote control, especially when you only have T_V_ functions on it. So Yeah, I tho I think that's not usable. So, but uh Yeah. What other features can we put in? It's very fashion. Mm. Mm. Yeah, I think it's What But uh I dunno how that works then. Uh does your uh Does it lie in the centre of the room and can you scream from wherever uh one to have in channel one? Yeah, I dunno. So, is it very usable? That's what I'm looking at. Is Mm Yeah well It's I d Yeah. I don't think it's uh useful enough to take the effort to design something with uh speech recognition. Yeah. Well yeah, that's the right command. And then you have to say uh T_V_ channel one, or something. Not just one, but Well I dunno. But I don't think, it just ain't useful enough. Yeah, I think so. Yep. Also the one in the dark. So uh It lights up when it's dark? I didn't Okay. Yeah, but um Yes, that's what I mean. Or maybe when you yeah. It lights up all. Okay yeah. D Yeah, alright. Yeah. Maybe just as an option, w like we discussed, like iPod. Different colours, uh maybe use even different fonts. Like uh phones. Yeah. Uh as an option maybe. It's the standard Yeah, uh Yeah, we but we don't We don't really have any complicated buttons. Yeah okay, but Yeah, well w I think the buttons are very easy. With just uh standard buttons we just have so little No, I don't need don't need Uh teletext options are only four buttons or something. I use teletext as well. Yeah yeah, one level. And I think, uh 'cause um we don't have that many buttons, I think the design is most important. You can d uh integrate the buttons in the design very much. 'Cause simple buttons. If you put one above it, it's clear. How long is lunch break? Okay. Bye.
I just forgot their name, so uh you're i sorry, I just forgot them all. So I have to write it down. So Do you know them or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, no, but your b your surname. W_O_ da. Okay. Okay. And what's your name? W_I_E_S_ z Z_ or S_? Uh uh zee. Okay. What's your name? Yeah, but your surname. Your surname. Okay, thanks. Yeah, me too, so that's not No no no, I just fi first my So let's have a look, we have forty minutes, so it's it's more than enough. Okay, perfect. So we have Oh no, what's that? So so we have uh forty minutes for this uh for this second meeting, and we have to make uh sure that we going t that we are sure, that we are, that we know what we're going to make uh th what the product is going to like look like. Uh first I have the notes of the last meeting, so I showed uh show them to you. Oh, sorry about that, I just escape this one. How do I escape this? How do I I escape this s uh presentation? Ah okay. And show, sorry. Okay, so let's have a look s at this one. Okay, so the f the f the points we had last meeting was the um Should be a univ uh universal remote control No, that's I uh s I just got a email from the from the personal coach and it should be a T_V_ remote control only. So have you changed that part? Um so yeah, it still has to be uh f a r a remote control for kids and elderly. It's it's still the same. Um All these points uh we have to look at. You all know them. But uh there's another point. The um uh the main uh people of interest of this company are forty plus people. So they're old and not younger people. So we have to look at that as well. 'Specially old people, maybe bi bigger buttons or something, I dunno. Uh so So yeah, that's it, so just you can do your presentation for uh Oh it doesn't matter, just start with the I I didn't read i read it, so it's not for me, I didn't get it uh anyway. It's only for you. Yeah. The last point is quite an interesting So if we Yeah. Yeah, we should have the ten percent on the on the top, then you're you're So we have uh a new uh age of forty plus. People. So yeah, so we just can skip the L_C_D_ r on the remote control, because Yeah. It's too Okay. Because it's too expensive. Yeah, probably. So it has to look uh uh uh unique, but Yeah. But old people are not looking for that. Not really. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. So Paul, you can do the next one if you want. It's on the on the uh net net uh thing, isn't it? So what do you think of only the numbers and the on-off button or Okay. Yeah. Okay. Maybe i maybe it's too complicated, but not sure. It's a good idea, but Uh Uh mayb for me it's If I use my telephone, I never use those buttons to to to call sh Never. So And If I don't do it, maybe old people It's not, it's still not It's not anymore n uh Just on the front as well. No, that's the only th the only thing you need. Just very simple. Uh Yeah, I know what it is, but I think it's all too difficult for old people. And how do you want to uh do it, like if you have a channel above ten? Normally you can press one, zero or A ten plus or Okay. But do we still need a two level remote control? Because if we only have that l only f No. Yeah. Maybe it's still still a good idea, I'm not sure. You'll also have to use a mute button to to Maybe, not I don't know where where you have to put it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Does it have to be Uh it has to be uh with different colours or It's like a iMac or something. Just to make it But it looks cheap as well, because it's a small thing. It's only twenty five Euros. It looks very cheap if you make it Oh, you just I dunno what happened. Yeah, we have to look at mobile phones, that's right. Just Yeah. Yeah. Okay, we hurry up a bit, because otherwise we won't make it. Is it fin Are you finished? Okay. So we we also have to have a LED li LED light on it? Yeah, it's I think it's usable. Yeah. Or just a green one, because it's If you use it, it's green or the red, it's r green. Yeah, that's right. But if you Red's l shows up like something's wrong, and green is like it's okay, you press the button. Yeah, I know. Okay, we make it red. You have to The whole the whole uh remote control becomes uh green if you press the buttons. Uh that's cool. No, we have a recharger in it, so If we can still make that then But it's cool if it was green. Green or red or whatever, it is cool. I just say Can you s just say it again, because I was just looking There's just a short Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that's the LED, L_E_D_. Yeah, okay. So we can make the normal one also a normal light. Not a LED light, but as a normal one. To flash up your Yeah. Maybe you have to uh put uh a small light around the button you push. So you see green if you push that button. Yeah, but if you u if you do that, you know that you're uh sending a signal. And it's you also know which button you p Yeah, that's right. But it But does it make any difference for the energy you use? You got still one LED. That looks different, yeah. The same as a telephone, or a mobile phone, or what do you mean? If you push It lights up. Everything lights up. That's a good idea. It it only takes a l a little energy and it's not that much. It's f Yeah. Maybe that's a good idea for old people as well. It's only few LEDs. Only four or something. Four LED. Yeah, that's a good idea, okay. Everything agre Everyone agrees with that, or Okay. Yeah, and then you Okay, yeah. But you have to make a sound device in it then. But Yeah. Okay. Are you almost finished or just Okay. Okay. No worry. Yeah, I just want to talk some about some more. So maybe you have to Yeah? Okay. So this Oh, sorry. Wh what's that? So uh Oh, sorry. We have some new uh project requirements. We have to have a look what they are. They're still in um Uh teletext has become outdated since the popularity of internet. So a teletext option, maybe we have to skip that one. I'm not sure. I don't think so, but Yeah, and it's it's on your comp it's on your television. It's only one button. So I don't think it is We definitely should use it. Um Yeah, that's uh what I told you. The remote control should only be used for a television. So that's maybe easier. And um the the forty plus people, I already told you. Oh no, sorry. Oh, this is a problem. Oh sorry about that. The new product should reach a new market with customers are the younger than forty. So it should be flashy or just more interesting. I'm sorry about that. I just I just didn't read it well. So does it make some decision about that? That still stays. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe we have to integrate that as well. If it's possible. But I don't think it's very expensive actually. Why should it? You only have a microphone in it. Nah, maybe Maybe maybe it's too hard to uh to realise that. It We have short time to to put it on the market, so that We have to do a lot of testing before we can do that. We make uh make uh, we can make th th the new remote control very flashy. Yeah. Yeah. I think so. So we have to make some decisions. So you can see on the uh So we have to know what we're going to put on. Do we, do we make uh a light under the under the n under the numbers and everything? Do If you press something, it lights up for a few seconds, so you can see what other but buttons there are, okay? Okay, we just take that one. And what else, we have Yeah, but it's Oh th I thought would, that that would be the same. If you push something, it it all lights up. Or you can switch it on or something. Yeah, that's right. You have to Yeah, that's right. That's what I said. It's the same as the telephone. Yeah. And do we use a a Uh what's it called? Like a iMac, if you can look through it. Or just a normal remote control. Yeah. Different colours. Okay, so y you just make it th through You look through it? Okay. And so the buttons we have, this is, yeah, this is normal. We put in the the simple buttons on the top, and probably the the the more complicated buttons down there. Yeah, maybe you have you have to Uh when you use teletec teletext, you can press a green or a red button to go to the next one, or to go to the previous one. O but maybe you can put um the g the options of teletext on the second level of the remote control. Because you ne almost never use it. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. For me too, it is. So we just keep it one level then? Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So that's it for toda for We're going to have a lunch lunch break. Um So yeah, you know what you have to do. This is uh this is it. You get your meal and everything, so Yeah. So, we're finished for t for this time. We're going to have some lunch. Yeah.
";"The Project Manager announced that the remote should only control television, and that the marketing should be targeted towards ages 40 and above. The Marketing Expert presented the results of a lab study on users of remote controls, and showed that users want a fancier, less complicated remote that does not get lost easily. The group decided not to use speech recognition or an LCD screen to target the older demographic. The User Interface Designer discussed the button functions and how to make channel-changing easier. The group decided not to include programmable ""favorites"" buttons. The Industrial Designer presented the internal components of the device. The group discussed having the remote light up when used. He also stressed that the remote must be compatible with all television brands. The Project Manager corrected his target group announcement and announced that the target age group was actually ages 40 and below. The group again discussed the possibility of adding speech recognition and LCD screens to the design but decided that it was not feasible. The group decided to have the remote light up when used and is including teletext. The Marketing Expert was instructed to report on trendwatching. "
"Hello. Oop. Okay. Okay, we're just going to the later. So we're going to talk about the conceptual model. So that's me. Uh okay. So Uh okay. Okay, so I just show you the m the no mm mm the the the the the the minutes, minute. What's it called, I dunno. Whatever. Okay, so we just talked about uh Oh you want me to show that there or Okay, we just talked about it looks. Has to look nice. Usability is very important. People don't want to spend money on something that's similar to cheaper ones. Um It has to be very basic, not too many buttons. Light switches on if you use a button. Uh text T_V_ still has to be a possibility. And it has to be easy to learn. That were the things I uh make minutes of. And the functions are volume, channel to choose channels, an on-off, a mute uh button, and a text T_V_ button. That are the functions. That right? Okay. So I just want to give you uh Mike again, the first uh presentation of your Yeah. But we already have the flashing flashing light on the Okay. Yeah. Hmm. But maybe th that's al definitely a good idea, because you've you're you drop y your remote control very often on the ground. So it has to be flexible. That's a good That's a good idea. If it's de like that. That's good, a good idea. Is it a bit like like the the the the remote control? R_ soft. Okay. Yeah. It's very uh difficult to to to do it. Because it's only twelve and a half Euros you have to spend on every remote control. Okay. But that's definitely more expensive than Yeah, but a telephone Okay, yeah. But a telephone also have a L_C_D_ and and it's about t two hundred Euros. So uh Yeah, just modern modern but still uh basic. Yeah, maybe the teletext tel No. Yeah. Yeah. But it sounds very difficult to use. Because um the volume and channel is on the on the the bottom of it. So you can't use your thumb for it. Yeah, down there. But it's not not the best best. Yeah, for volume. For volume, or a channel. Yeah, why not. And the channels as well. Oh yeah. Yeah, that's better. Yeah, just th th th other buttons like text T_V_. Put that on the button bottom. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Except from the on-off button. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. Okay. We have to decide this this lecture, or this this this uh fifty minutes, yeah, how it is gonna look. Okay, so Hmm, okay. Yeah, we have to put our Real Reaction logo as well on the on the remote control. So the colours also. So we have ha to ma make it in black, black, yellow. Maybe the sides in yellow and the the the top in black. We make i Maybe you can put yellow on the side and black on the on the front. Yeah, it's cool. Yep. And still trans Still still transparent. Okay. Yeah, we make it som Maybe we have to make it from soft material. Uh I'm not sure. Yeah. Just give five with them, just in a box. Five different Yeah. Cool. Yeah. It it could be like a Nokia, like plastic. That's better prob Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. But maybe you can m make a uh round fluff or soft material. Just only the basic uh basic remote control from normal plastic, and the rounds of it from softer s I dunno. Y Cool. Yeah. Y i if you The numbers could be can be Yeah, that's right. They can choose. Blue. Yeah, but you can't choo You can't choose it when you buy it. You have to choose Is it Okay. Yeah, okay. Maybe put some different ones in it. Doesn't matter. It's just No, just some LED. Okay, cool. Just make it some different colours. Blue, red and green, or something. Yeah, we have to hurry up a bit, so Okay. Yeah, a recharger maybe. We still want to have a recharger, don't we? Is that still the A recha Oh no. Uh Battery. It's just a battery. Yeah. No, just rechargeable batteries. But normally you put a remote control on the table or on the couch. It's dark in the room. No. It's just batteries, that's cheaper. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. But it doesn't really matter, we just make it plastic. The scroll wheels, that's cool. That's for the volume. Yeah. Okay. I don't think that's an opportunity. Just skip it. Because we don't have time for that to to put it in. Yeah, okay. Okay. Oh just sk Maybe you have to skip that one as well. It's No. No. Yeah. But maybe the form has to be a bit different. Not the sh the square form. Just a bit more rounded. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. So We have to decide which one we're going to choose from these. What exactly. Because we have to know it. So the energy uh is the recharger. We already know that. Just a normal battery. Okay. The chip-on-print is a normal one. Okay, the case is just a plastic one. Yeah, re Yeah, regular. Yeah, okay. Yeah, regular. Okay. And we need a plastic case, with a scroll wheel. That's pretty much it. And a flashy light. So uh I'm not sure. But we do I don't know if we expected to draw on this one at this moment. But Yeah. That's for the next one. That's for th Uh that I think that's the next next meeting. But you definitely get a specific instruction. But th think about something that's more rounded. Just And more It has to be Uh a bit. Just just on the top or on the bottom. Maybe the wheel can be uh like uh like this. O um if you draw it like this, you get a What the fuck is it? Okay. Mm Doesn't work. You see what I mean? If I draw here It draws about four centimetres lower than Nah okay. Just. Maybe you can make it like this. And this is all the wheel for volume. So that you just um It's all rounded, so you can do uh turn this one. Yeah, but just not on the top, but uh on the side of it. Maybe, I dunno. Okay, so we have this at the moment. Okay, so we'd have this. Is that okay? And Like this. And uh what's the channel choose? Where do we uh put that? Still on the bottom or That's the numbers. It doesn't make a difference, if you put the s uh the switch channels on side of each other or on top of each other. Because you already have the volume here, so You can also put it here one butt and the other one there. Next to each other. back and forth. So you can also can put it all on the top, and this, you keep this empty. Because you have to hold it as well. But that's not want to zap very quick, so Yeah? Is this a opportunity, or you don't want a different Why? But still the next It's still the next one. Doesn't make Yeah, but fo from left to right is exactly the same. It ma it doesn't make a big difference. But it's exactly th I dunno. I You already have the volume on the side, so you can't make it you can't ma make a mistake. So it's uh So but that's for that's for you, 'cause it's Okay, so hmm. What did What else we have to discuss about? I dunno. Yeah. And the LED. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Uh the logo was has to be on there. Yeah, that's right. Yeah, five. Let's give five. So y you can put the bottom of the remote control in recharger? Is that is that a good good opportunity? So you could put it like that, okay. Uh I'm not sure. But maybe you can just round up the corners a bit. That's all. Yeah. Just round it up. No. Yeah. Yeah. No, just just the corners. Okay. Shapes. It's a bit annoying, isn't it? So we have to make a decision, what kind of form it's gonna have t going to have. And you have the scroll button inside. Okay. But why do we have to round it on the t bottom then? Of Skip that one as well. Okay. Yeah, it's cool. Rubber spongy. Okay, so we have s still one minute left. So just I think it's okay if you just keep it a bit square. No. But I I think it's still for older people. You j still have older people. It's only annoying if it if it's like that f formed like that, like f Whatever. Just you have a normal But i it is it is it is already fancy. Because of the lights on the bottom of it. That's already fancy. Uh maybe maybe make the the mm the wha what's it called uh scroll wheel. Make it in in yellow or something. Just like the colours of Real Reaction. Yeah. It's right. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe the ones we are going to draw there. Maybe we have to ask uh to the the mm to her if it has if it can work better than this. Because it doesn't work properly. So maybe you have to ask her. Okay. Yeah. That's probably Okay, so just finish it. So we make it a bit like m that one probably. Yeah. Is that okay? Okay, only the colour and the flashy light and the We just we just skip the the the voca or was it the the speech recognition. Or keep that? It's okay. But you'd definitely need a advanced chip. So Can we just put it speech recognition in it as well, okay? Yeah. The function of that in there. Yeah. And we need a Probably we need a uh advanced chip then. But it doesn't say anything about it, does it? It doesn't has to say anything. Just You have to just talk to Okay, we have to stop it now. So just Okay, that's a r That's that's a advanced Yeah, we just decide not to put it in, because it's too difficult. Okay, we just put it in, because it's a good feature. We have to stop now. Okay, just We have to stop it now.
Bonjour. Why? Okay. Check check check check. The power light doesn't work. You turned it off. Okay. Oh. Hmm. Uh Shall I start? No. Okay well I received an email Okay. I searched the web, uh and uh I searched uh on this d document, recent investigation of the remote control market. It has been done in Italy uh Italy and in uh another country in Europe, I forget it. Uh but uh they found out the most important aspect for remote controls happens to be a fancy look-and-feel, instead of the current functional look and feel. So it's very important for us to create something new. So what Michael just said, it must be uh some very different from ordinary uh remote controls. Fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and interface. Uh this uh aspect is the most important one. Uh it came out of the research. It uh is twice important as the following. The second uh most important aspect is that a remote control should it uh technological innovative. Uh that stands for uh uh new technical uh features. And then uh that uh This is a point of discussion, because we just decided that we don't make use of uh L_C_D_ or uh speech recognition. But um this is the second uh important uh aspect, and I think uh we must use some of the new technology, to be uh innovative. Uh maybe maybe something new. We have to discuss about it s uh Okay, uh features not uh do not exist in current remote controls. And that's very hard I think. Uh the third one is the aspect of the remote control should be easy to use. But uh that was an overall uh point. We already discussed that. Um I've got one picture. Uh d our our target group uh we thought about was young and trendy. So I took uh that part of the webpage. And it says uh fashion-watchers of uh uh Pari uh France and uh Italy, yeah, uh have detected the following trends. This trends I th uh trend I think it's not um that meaningful for us, maybe. But it's about uh clothes and shoes. But the uh the next uh aspect also in contrast to last year, the feel of material is expe uh uh is expected to be spongy. But spongy, what what does spongy says? Spongy. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's something that uh it stand there. But I didn't knew uh knew what it means. So spongy means y Yeah. So it's also a stress-ball. Uh Okay? What do I think? Uh because a fancy look is the most important thing uh for remote control uh control, I think about changeable fronts. Uh maybe a see-through one in a a fruit front. Because it's uh it's hot. And uh some basic uh colour fronts. Uh so we can make uh five different fronts to start with or something. Uh maybe an extraordinary shape, like a sponge. Uh or uh, yeah, just another shape than a normal uh remote control ha uh has. Just uh something round in it, or uh maybe not uh not uh Yeah, I dun dunno. We have to discuss about that. Uh y yeah. Main point uh still uh is the technolo technological innovative. Yeah, how do we do that? Maybe speech? We ma must have some kind of gadget. So Intro Yeah. Yeah, that's the problem. That's the main problem. So Maybe we watch the first uh the next two presentations. Okay. Uh let's first watch Paul's presentation first then. Oh. It's mass production. So you can say, you can Yeah. But how uh we we're gonna make many of those. So we can start a mass production, and then the cost will still will be. Yeah. Okay. That was this? No, I don't uh I don't like it. Okay. Square. Like. Mm. Oh yeah. Uh uh Yeah. The the the new uh new modern uh remote controls, uh the buttons are part of the uh the style, I think is part of the remote control itself. It it's one uh a one uh out of one shape. Uh it's n doesn't Is uh a button uh um How do you say it? It it didn't it i it don't come out of the on the background. It is in uh the c a remote control uh Yeah. Yeah. Uh i Yeah, but can you change it if you already bought the the remote control? You Hmm. Okay yeah, you can you can change Yeah. No. Ah cool. Okay. Okay. Mm Uh but we have to do something about the trend. The trend is uh spong spongy uh and uh fruit or fresh fresh. And uh now we have nothing about uh about those those two. Uh yeah i Just Just on front. Neith uh I don't like it uh neither. Yeah, that's not not It's not al uh always the same. Every remote control's uh different. Yeah, we have to care that it r uh looks really new. Because uh we still hold on to the uh ordinary uh uh square uh remote control. 'Cause wha what I see the only difference i i i in fact is that we use a scroll-wheel on the outside. Yes. Okay. And a bit uh Some some kind of bling bling uh mm can we have Uh and how many uh fronts uh fronts do we put on the market then? Uh five or something? Or more or And um uh uh buy the product. You buy, you get one. And uh basic. Or you can choose one uh if you buy the project. Yeah, you sl uh you let it slide in the docking station. Yeah. Yeah, we can b It c it could be just just a square, just a packet. Yeah, but that's a round one. Maybe we can choose then. Yeah. Yeah. What do we do wrong? Hmm. Just just more like this and not uh a square. Okay. Yeah, it Uh it's very annoying. Okay. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh the t the trend is spongy and fruity. But yeah. It's not not a lot of trends I uh I found uh Uh It The th th Yeah. There is one There's just one overall important aspect is that we must make it fancy and it looks original, and I hope we can uh make it look not like the iPod itself. It must have uh uh uh a very different Yeah, they're all the same. Uh yeah, but uh if you the f uh front, the scroll wheel will still uh be yellow. No. If you set the pen yeah, he will draw here. Doesn't work. Yeah, I'll see it. Uh No. Oh that's hard. But Uh the ma the main points I I I uh just said. We have to be original and uh technological innovative. Becau Yeah. But Ma But we don't have any f information about the cost. We started with information about the cost was now th And how much is the chip? The the the And how how does it work? Is it No. Does it say does it say something back? Okay. Um Yeah. Fine.
Okay. I received an email with uh a few possibilities on uh the materials. So I'll discuss them with you. Yeah. Mm no. Yeah. Hmm. Spongy. So rubber, kind of. Yeah. It's like a sponge. Yeah, somewhat like Yeah, I've some uh material uh information, but I'll give you it later in my presentation. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah, well actually we have don't have an idea how much it's gonna cost. But maybe it's cheap and it's easy to implement. Oh I got an email uh And it says uh the chip can be uh simple, regular or advanced. And Um They say uh a display requires an advanced chip. And this is more expensive than all the other chips. So it's m the most expensive. Yeah, it says in the email. The display requires an advanced chip. Yeah, probably too. I I haven't got anything about speech recognition, but Well it d That's that's the most expensive chip, we need. If we're doing uh if we're doing a display. Hmm. Hmm. But it That's on on the display. I think it is on uh on the bottom too. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I've I've got something of that uh too. Scroll. Yeah, or uh maybe uh The channel buttons are often used. And you can't use them now with your thumb, because the thing is not, it's not easy to control. Yeah okay, m maybe we cho should put that on top, and buttons we we don't use on, in the bottom. Because uh you can't hold it. You can't hold it th the control and push the buttons. But I I think w you'll use uh the switch channels buttons uh more often than the normal uh channel buttons, like one two three. So maybe we can put that on the bottom. Like zapping is just switching one channel at a time. Yeah okay. That's that's good, but Yeah okay. Yeah. Hmm. No, I think th the the top buttons are okay. They sh Those should be on top. But uh we we can switch those two, yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, we have to keep it simple. Okay, the component design. I looked at uh some similar devices, and uh my own common knowledge. So uh this was on the web site. If you aim at a young public, you should use materials that are soft with primary colours like green, blue, red. So flashy kinda colours. Uh shapes should be curved, so round shapes. Not Nothing square-like. Yeah. Yeah, but mm is uh has round corners I think. So we shouldn't have too square corners and that kind of thing. Yeah. And um sports and gaming device style characteristics. I don't know exactly what that means, but it should be, well yeah, popular kind of looking, I think. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, mm n Not that weird, because we definitely want to make it kind of flashy, to attract a young public. No, okay. That's a that's a sen That's just a matter of tastes, but We have to use uh kind of flashy colours, I think. Yeah. Like fronts in in red and yellow and blue and Okay. Well this is a remote control, a very old one. Um Then the components. The case has just a Here's black. But we are making it uh Yeah, I dunno. Maybe. But anyways uh it should be transparent. We decided that, huh? S Okay. Yeah, we could do that. Yeah, but y you could you could make 'em uh uh like blue and transparent. So you can still th look through it. Um the buttons. Normal rubber I think. Like normal ordinary buttons. Soft. With the hard hard buttons. Okay. Yeah, it's it's all on one level. Yeah, on one level. Yeah, I know what you mean. So we have to keep it on the one level. Like th the top it's Yeah. Yeah, okay. Okay, it's chos So that should be hard plastic. Then the buttons? I think. Or maybe Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And um Then the L_E_D_. The normal infrared L_E_D_ I think s sufficient. And back light L_E_D_s. So But I think we have to make the case transparent, otherwise the back light won't work. So if you put Okay. Yeah, but we can still make it transparent. So Or no Yeah okay. Good. And in green colour, the back lights or Yeah? No, but I think there are multiple colour LEDs. So I I know I dunno. Is Maybe it's it's more impor more expensive. I think it's Yeah, I dunno. Maybe it's too expensive, but it I th I don't think so. Then uh some more technical things. I don't know what it is, but it should be there I think. Um this is the normal circuit board, like a chip board in in a lot of uh things. W So we d we just need this and this transistors and resonators. There's all these kind of things. Um they they basically said that that's almost the same on any uh remote controls. So I guess we j we just need that. I don't know what they do or Nah, but they just said we need it. Uh the battery contacts, like normal batteries ca you can put in. Yeah okay. Yeah but Yeah, but it i We don't wanna have a ar an How do you call it? Accu. Y uh just just batteries, rechargeable batteries. Okay. Not a separate Okay. And uh a chip, that's this one. Then uh I received some possibilities. Um for the energy source we can use batteries or a kinetic uh Like with the pulse watch. So it operates on your wrist kinda. If you hold it. Yeah, I don't think it will work, and Or we can also use solar cells. But you mostly use it indoors, so Yeah, and and we can use the home station kind of thing. Um cases, flat, so uncurved. Uh two D_ curved is um like front to the back. And three D_ curved is also in depth. So that's possible. Uh but with three D_ uh curved uh remote controls, we must use rubber buttons. So we can't use the flat buttons. Yeah, I think. Um these kinda materials can be used. Yeah, I think so too. Yeah, scroll wheels um Yeah, that's good. We can use multiple scroll wheels, w if we want to. But I think just the volume is enough. And uh the L_C_D_. So we need uh the expensive, most expensive chip, if we use an L_C_D_. Okay, then we we use m must use the second most expensive chip. So th so the regular chip. Because we use scroll wheels. And um Yeah, that was it I guess. Uh are are we using a a rubber case, or We haven't decided yet. L Yeah, i it it should be soft. You said so? So just hard plastic? Okay. Titanium, uh I think it's too expensive. Yeah, you can make it curved or mm round. But just in two D_, not in depth. Yeah. Yeah th yeah, the chip is the the regular one. You have the simple one, regular and advanced. So it's b should be regular uh the second. I think I'll just check it. Yeah. Mm. Or should we do it in the next meeting? So we should did it here? Or should we do it in the next meeting? Okay. Yeah. What? Oh. Okay. Like a very big scroll-wheel. Okay. Hmm. I think uh you'll get a a lot of uh volume changing when it's not wanted. Yeah. I think it's probably better. Yeah, but maybe we can make a a plastic, so that you i if you like drop it, it won't change the volume. Only if you use your finger. I think in middle. Uh I think th the numbers should be in the bottom, and and the switch channel in the middle. Or you could do the switch channel up button above the the numbers and switch channel down button below. Yeah, okay. Uh but I think we we should bu uh put 'em on top of each other, so Because then it's it's easy to know m if I push the the the up Yeah, but the top the top button is is like you switch channel up, and down button is If you put them But uh but I I think uh left to right is more often associated with volume, and top down is more with uh channel changing. In uh On most on most remote controls. So so if we use that, they will probably have a long learning uh time. I dunno. Okay. Yeah, but i i it should be round in in shape. So No, tha that will be Yeah, so top down. Hmm? Do we have to design that w as well? The docking station? Hmm. Yeah, just a recharger. But we have to make contacts on the on the remote control and the recharger as well. Oh yeah, okay. Of the remote control? Yeah Yeah. Yeah, but we can we can do all kinds of uh As long as it isn is in two D_ we can use all kind of round shapes. Not in depth. Yeah, but Yeah, if if we want to make it kind of, yeah, new. Yeah, but we could do a lot of, lot more curving. I would do it Like in this kind of shape or I dunno. I dunno if it's handy. This? The olden the olden ones had looked like just a square thing. Mm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, though that's a trend. If we want to make it. But yeah, I'm not a Trendwatcher, you are. So Spongeball kinda. Okay. Yeah, I d I don't know n something about ergonomic kind of fits-in-the-hand uh stuff. Yeah, but we're we're aiming at a young public. Hmm. Yeah, we could do that. Yeah. S Uh yeah, I don't know. Yeah, I think so. And we we have to build in a microphone and Yeah, and I do I don't know anything about that. I d I didn't receive any information on speech recognition, so Fine. Yeah, we probably do. No. Yeah, uh I have I have some some information about the cost. But just a about the chip. I don't know how much, but Just in inexpensive or But i it's a separate chip. Yeah, I don't know anything about this, but Nah. I dunno.
It's It won't wake up. Yeah. I was a bit early. Like What? No, I just came in. Uh normally I was one of them. Come on. Why won't it wake up? Is it on? But how? Ah, there it is. Uh. Yeah, I received an email as well. Which one was mine? The minutes. No, just tell us. Yes. Hmm. Yeah, more. Well, I'll I'll get back on it. Spongy. Spongy, like sponge. Uh soft materials. Yeah, but Yeah. Soft, sponge. Yeah, but Yeah. How are you gonna make it? Yeah. Yeah, I'll get back on that. Well, I got f also an email from the the technology department. They have done uh research about it, and uh even more possibilities now with speech. So they recommended using it. Well I'll check what they exact mean. So uh Yeah, th that's the only problem. I d They don't say how much it will cost, so Um but uh if we implement uh speech recognition, I think it would be better to implement L_C_D_ as well. Since you have to uh configure speech thing. Yeah, that's that's something I dunno. Yeah, so uh we gotta de We have to decide on that. Mm uh L_D_C_ doesn't require Okay. And speech recognition? Advanced. Yeah. I'll I'll give you my design. Yeah okay. So we Well we can I had uh to make a sort of a design. So I did some searching on the internet. I watched the old remote controls and news com remote como uh remote controls. I think we should um This is one of the modern remote controls of the moment. I think we should go more to the iPod and M_P_ three players. Mobile phones. More modern. Y yes. Um you probably have to make it a bit bigger and a bit smaller. 'Cause remote con control, you can see it here, you have to bo reach both out both sides. And here you just have one, few buttons. So that's that's the main difference. But looks uh I definitely think we should go like this. And then changeable fonts, so It's the most important part, I think. But And the home base is something like that, something simple. Well and then I just ordered the the buttons a bit. Uh basic buttons. On-off, mute. And th maybe two others, I dunno. Text buttons. Yeah, text button, maybe there and there. And then the colour buttons, if we want it on. I don't find it very usable, but it's Uh I don't think it's fits in the the modern theme as well. So and then yeah we saw the the pla display, in the the iPod. They can put the basic buttons, one, two, three, four. And uh f above ten. And I think No no. That th there is no display there. But it's on the place of the display. And I think we should uh light this up much more than that part. So the focus is on these two parts. So you don't see all the buttons you else need. Uh well um This is how it is now. Um Here uh Well we have volume. Yeah. Well here we have also side scrolls. I dunno if we can use that. Do we want to use For volume? Well then we can even simplify it more. By just putting the volume on the side. And and just channel buttons here. But I think uh Well. Yeah, well it's Basically it's it's here. They're on top? You mean uh these to the low? Oh okay. Well, yeah. Mm Maybe. I dunno, but yeah we'll Yeah, maybe it's not easy if it's below. It's harder to zap. So I think uh it should be should be easy to. I think it's pretty standard, these rubber buttons on the top. And uh if you don't light 'em up, they don't uh you don't see 'em very good. I think it's modern to light this area up, and to light this area up. So the focus gets on these parts and not on there. But uh the position of course can be different. It's s We have to look uh what's easy to use, and how it's easier to use. So we can uh switch these to I dunno if it l will look good, if you put those on t on the bottom half. Okay. Yeah, maybe Those two, yeah. And uh, yeah, you have to make sure it's easy to uh Yes, it has to be big enough so you can hold it, right. Well that's that's my findings. So uh my personal opinion is that we should go more modern look. M_P_ three player. And uh well um if we want to put in speech rec recognition or something, we I don't think we should put it on top then. I think that, if we're gonna put in more technology, that you need to be able to uh switch it open. To use So if you put in uh speech recognition, you need so more uh many more buttons. Which won't look good on the front side I think. So that's something we have to decide on. Yeah. What we're gonna do. Okay. Yeah well uh iPod is trendy. And it is well curved square. Okay. So not Yeah okay. Not uh the old uh box look. Mm Yeah, it's Black yellow control. Yeah, but uh I don't think the the colours black and yellow go well together. But Yeah, okay. Uh can't we use um different uh fron uh fronts, with all with the the logo on it? Can we do that? So Yes. So Yeah. But with all with logo on it. Yeah. Well one of the options. You can Just like a mobile phone, you can make um different fronts on it. So you can just replace them I think. That was the idea, or just uh release one. Yeah, uh Or just uh sell different ones. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I uh I dunno. A more Yeah, just uh I think uh rubber really has an odd look. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, like mobile phones. Like uh the iPod. Uh just I dunno what uh kind of material it is. But Oops. Yeah. Yeah. Uh you can just make them around the buttons uh Yeah. Or it runs the whole Yeah, you can halfs transparent, or just that it's comes out a bit. Different, I think, also. Blue or red. Whatever you want it, I think. Uh depends on the colour of the Yeah, that's true. But Yeah, it can. 'Cause this a mo mib uh mobile phone as well. I have the mo mi I have a blinking light on my phone. And I can change the colour of it. Well, we don't put put in any fancier technology yet. So I'm sure we can fit in. Yeah. Yeah okay. We just Yeah, we have to make sure to uh Yes. Yes. Re recharger. Base station. Yeah, batteries. Yes, rechargeable batteries, I think's best. So if you hold it, it gets powered. Mm. So we need uh two D_. Yeah. Yeah. Uh For channels it's not handy, because you scroll too fast. Okay. Uh I don't think a rubber case looks Yeah, okay. That Uh fruit and veg, or Yeah, fruit and veg can be just the covers. So you can the the spongy yeah, I dunno. I can't imagine a soft remote control. I just can't imagine it. Yeah, I think. Titanium. It's mentioned here uh. Okay. Yeah. We have batteries. Regular. Yes. User interface concept. I dunno either. Uh I_D_ and U_I_D_ work together on prototype drawing on smart board. So we're staying here? Okay, so now we're ka thirty minutes alone again? Yeah, uh I dunno. But the iPod and etcetera, M_P_ three players, mobile phones. Just a bit cur Okay, I'll see if I can see any of those. Yeah, you Yeah. Yeah, that's a little problem, of course, as well. Yeah, maybe you just have to make it uh That's not scrollable too easy. Uh wh what is the middle part? Numbers, okay. Yeah, I agree as well. Use the dz Yeah, that's right. Yeah, I think uh zapping is the highest priority. And then you use those uh Yeah, of course uh. Yeah. I I think it's It's it's obvious, I think. Yeah, I think No, uh I think Yeah. I think it's s so simple you just Yeah, okay I'll d I'll take a look at it. Think we need to work uh thirty minutes again? No, you have uh It is Uh the current uh controllers are all black and plastic. You have to look at that image of the iPod. More that uh kind of style. Not not the old grey black Where you can put a ve Uh we have If we do it like that we have below have we uh a lot of room to put a nice logo. Maybe you can buy separate ones and uh Yeah. Um I think Yeah. That's your choice, I think huh. Yes. Yeah, I think so. But th Yeah, that can be very simple. Least. Yeah, just where you're around something. Li Yeah, we had one example. Mm. Mm. Which w Here you see one that's very round. So I think that can be all kind of shapes. Yeah, so y you don't want uh this uh like the iPod. But More rounded. Yeah, I think it will just look like more like this one. Since it's This is also rounded. I think i Yeah okay, tho those are al already a bit cornered. Mm Yeah okay, but then we have to think of something totally new. I've uh I had a lot of picture of old ones. And all curves have already been done. Yeah okay, yeah well Yeah. I know we can do a lot more, but I think it will only look more like the old remote controls. Yeah. Yeah okay. But uh I had a lot of pictures Oh I can show you here what the old ones look like. Curves, curves. You've more there as well. It wasn't very small one. very simple. That is for elderly. I think if w My opinion. If we just uh take the iPod, and the same look. So uh light or just whatever colour, but the same light colours. And uh just with uh together with uh the back-lights b look will look very new. No rubber buttons or something. Just together with the back-lights you'll get a totally new look. More like the M_P_ three player M_ um P_ M_ P_ three player. Yes. Just a simple scrollb Doesn't have to be. Yeah. No. Spongy and Mm. Yeah, idea. But you're If you look at the way remote controls are now And if you make it look like the iPod Yeah okay. So that's already a very big change compared to Ye yeah. Well uh Could. No, I think Oh. Think the scroll wheel won't be very big. Since if you put it uh somewhere, the chances that it will scroll are too big. So it will just be a small small scroll wheel. So it won't uh stick out much. Yeah okay. Well, maybe we can just open images there, and I'll paint and paint. I'll be able to do a better job. Bu Yeah, I agree more like iPod. Yes. Just a Speech. Yeah, do we s keep that? Yeah, I think Well uh then it w Well that's very easy. We already have uh the beeping of the home station, so Uh strange that I received the information about that. So shall we it open then? So we can put all the Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah, I No. I just I just received the Yeah. Yeah, our division has developed a new speech recognition feature, the integrated programmable sample sensor simple speaker u unit. This is a very small electronic unit, will give a standard answer after it recognise a question. Doesn't say. Just You say record, followed by your question sample, and after a few seconds the answer uh sample. Because uh So it works like uh good morning remote control, and then the remote control says good morning. Yeah uh th that's just It's a No. Yeah, it Well that's integrated in the chip, so if you use the speech recognition, that's in it. I dunno, but if we use speech recognition, that will be in it as well. Well it it would be would be a good feature feature. Okay. No no worries about the cost, etcetera. And there's a chip in it that will Okay.
";The Project Manager reviewed the minutes from the previous meeting. The Marketing Expert gave a trendwatching report. He found that a fancy look and feel was most important for users. He also discussed the trend towards spongy materials. The group discussed the cost of adding speech recognition, the LCD screen, and the advanced chip. The User Interface Designer discussed the look of the interface with the group. They discussed the placement and design of the buttons and decided to use scroll wheels for volume. The Industrial Designer advised that flashy colors and rounded shapes be used. The group discussed how to incorporate the logo and including changeable faces. They discussed materials for the buttons and the backlight. The group decided to use rechargeable batteries and a stand, to use plastic for the casing and buttons, and to not include an LCD screen. The User Interface Designer and the Industrial Designer were instructed to draw the prototype at the next meeting, and the User Interface Designer was instructed to finalize the button placement. The group finalized the look of the product, and eventually decided to incorporate speech recognition and an advanced chip. 
"It's not saved yet. So Our beautiful drawing. Are we doing the the speech recognition? Because we didn't have enough time to uh de um design the inside as well. Okay yeah. Well then then we're gonna put it in. Yeah, just uh we have to design the inside then, but it should be uh It's may maybe uh a bit stronger as well. Okay, so when you have a lot of room inside. So you can make it very easy to use. 'Cause you can write a lot of comments besides it. No. Yeah, we're gonna use the advanced chip then. Advanced chip was for uh spee Yeah. Okay. Good. Together? I'll give comments. Speech recognition. Um I didn't have a specification of that. But um I can imagine that you have to input your voice or something. Um so I've Yes, you need options to configure it, and after that you don't need 'em anymore. Yeah, you can put 'em all on the back. That's for sure. That's uh We also don't know how many buttons are required, or what kind of buttons. But You have a lot of room if you can slide it open. You Yeah I know. I can imagine you need at least four buttons or something. So But it's enough room. Uh well Well the main, the main zap buttons are most central. That was the the most important thing. So uh the best place, the best reach place Um on-off buttons, text buttons, mute buttons are together and at a place they easily are, easy to find. Um the on-off button is a bit bigger, uh so it stands out. That way you don't have to make it red, 'cause it's will uh will show up. Uh scrollwheel is on the left side. It's basically the be standard place for scrollwheel, as far as I know. Yeah. Okay yeah, they Yeah okay. That's that's below that then. It's uh twelve buttons. Yeah okay, just we just missed that. But um I'll just uh I'll get back to later. F the form well, we've taken that from the iPod, other popular technical device. So um should be popular. Um The f uh the buttons creating? Uh if you That or all round shapes, not uh rounded corners. So that, you know, you get a bit round feeling. Um we'll use hard plastic. Since that allows us to use uh two D_ buttons, uh non-rubber buttons. Colour changeable. Well and um the backlight thing, the thing that lights up. We have decided uh in the the channel buttons, there's a little uh colour around it. And also in the num-pads, there's also colour light behind it. So when you pre Yeah. We're going to implement. Yeah. Mm just a little Yeah. Yeah, I um To your video device. Yeah. Is i Ah okay. Um slides I think. It's You can do it that it claps open, but I think that's not solid enough. If that breaks then you're screwed. So it do doesn't even have to slide all the way open. Um Uh i the the speech functions buttons. Menu button. With uh maybe uh arrows. So you can uh scroll in the, navigate the menu. Um I think we can even put a We have one for the zero and one for the for the more digit uh channels. So you have one left for the Right, the video channel, Play Station, etcetera. That's used pretty often. If you have a Play Station, mm you use it every day. That was it. Uh It doesn't really matter. That's Yeah well we don't have any uh Hmm? What else? Uh menu buttons with arrows. S Just uh like Um I think it's best if we do. Mm where do we have Or there. Like on the normal uh Like this. The menu button, yes. Well we don't have any, anything on how many buttons speech requires. So you can't redesign it. Yep. Just press it once, the colour should uh switch. Press again, the colour switch again maybe? Yep. Yeah, maybe some uh some text next to the scroll wheel, that it is volume. I just uh The volume logo. Yeah. Yeah, we have that on the the text button. Uh why not? No Whoa I think um Yeah, the three stages. Yes. No, it doesn't have to turn it off. Just don't Yeah. I dunno if Yeah, I think as well, but Uh yeah. Yeah, in thi the the remote control in the the chip. Yeah, that's true. So yeah. Um do we need to fix that or Just like your telephone, hard plastic. I think just on the buttons. If you do it abo above or below, it takes uh more space. I don't think the space is worth it. Mm. Okay. Well I think we do If it's really uh, if you can if you can get the iPod look, then it's beautiful, I think. Hmm? Um basic colours, um yeah. Well you didn't say. Maybe um company colours? Black. A bit a bit of yellow. Not not not yellow, but just a bit of light yellow. Like white, also ni or uh always nice. Just um Yes. Yeah, grey. Just dark grey I think. Well we have changeable fronts, so So Yeah. It's hard to decide for us, but yeah. It it's At least it's a lot better than uh current remote controls. Yeah. Mm. Not needed. Yeah, not needed I think. Yeah. What do I think is necessary necessary item? Of course it's reachable. Okay, maybe just some light uh to to light it all up. So you can see what's really there. Not just not re on the buttons or something. Just a green light or some blue light. To light it all up. Yeah. Well yeah. Uh semi-transparent. Yeah, w we've done a a lot of detail in light, so Yeah. Yeah. So I think it's easy to use, but And learnable is a bit Well y just uh f Yeah, I think it's very clear what it all does. Yes. But the second parts, uh like speech, etcetera, that will be harder to learn. It's Yeah it's Device. Okay. Maybe three then. Learnable's Yeah okay. Yeah. Yep, true. Then a two. And the scrollwheel, backlights, slide. But also slide that buttons come out, as well? Okay. Yes. Different colours, so Yeah. That would And we didn't uh But then we also have the the home station. We are forgetting about that now, but We don't recharge. But that's more like uh now. I don't know. Uh Just save, save as? Okay. Yeah, it is. Uh untitled? Yeah, it doesn't matter. Save. N Mm. I think we followed the latest trends. Oh right. Well uh fruit and vegetables, yeah. You can different front uh This is a a power indicator. So you can see how far it's charged up. To call. Um Okay. No no, I want that in. Yeah, th the speaker is very small as well, right? Yes uh. Yeah, we can uh Um different fronts, but standard front won't be, yeah. Yeah. This? Oh, them. Is that uh included? In the twelve Euro or Okay, then we then we need to use it. Yeah. Damn, solar cells are uh expensive. Okay. Mm uh i Yeah, I think so. I think uh everyone uh already. So I think we uh discussed a lot of things about it. So Of course there was. Yeah. One leader to check the time, etcetera. So more like a secretary. Uh I think we we got wrong information at the wrong time. I think that was the m biggest problem. Like uh the prices. If we knew that before, we could have uh had discussion really uh s really quicker. Yeah, and if you had uh fifteen Euros, then we would it. We had to Yeah. I think uh everyone listen to each other. Like marketing said things and then we had to i include them in the design. It was Just doesn't work. Well uh smart board would be very uh nice to work with, if it worked really well. Just not work too slow. Yeah, more accurate. Yeah, it's i It should be more accurate. And uh I think it would be great if you could edit it from, just with a mouse, from where you're sitting. Not just pointing out on it. Yeah. No use to draw on the board itself. It's just slows down. Yeah. Yeah, even harder to draw like this than black board style. Yeah. You cou You could draw on it, but not as main function. We did it. New ideas found. Oh I just think if we uh I dunno. For remote control, a favourite for your text. That's for. Yeah, this this is just the idea phase, the Yeah. Details uh Quite early. Oh, what do we have to do now. Do we uh I thought we were done at four o'clock? Yep. Mm we can do it afterwards, so Yeah. I found it as well. One two three four five six seven cameras. Mm not bad. So that was it. This is The old versions. They went for uh for a universal device. Yeah, but also a different device. Then an L_C_D_ uh would be handy. Yeah, and touch screens for all our stuff, yeah. I do agree with that. Yeah, tu-dum. English is not so hard by the way. Well, leader? Project Manager? You do? Yeah, you have to make a choice. Wow, that's pretty quick. Uh uh um You have to decide. It's the lower one. No no, the upper one is the bomb. Yes. I knew it. No. That's too much work. Come on. I challenge you. No, you gotta use the magic pen. Hmm. What if I put one there? We'll see. I don't agree. Yeah, you had two choices. That's gonna be draw. Or not. I'll put it here. You are going to put it there. Then It's a difficult choice, either here or there. Ugly. Oh a pen. Yeah, but Then do it correctly. Stupid, the L_C_D_ screen. What? Okay, I'm going to guess what you're drawing. No no, the new one. Uh they just don't save it. A house? Yeah, you have to use the pen s stupid. No, not everything. Pen, select select pen. Okay. It's a house. A plant? Oh yeah, I can know it. It's a Okay, that makes it easier. I think I know. No, wrong. I think I know what you're trying to draw, but it's wrong already. Yeah, you missed the right side. No, you're wrong, you're wrong See where you're wrong now? The entrance. Alright. You're correct. Yeah, but I think Oh no you made another mistake. No I w Okay, I'm not that whiny. But uh there was a big hole here as well, and there as well. That's a kinda big mistake. Warning, finish meeting now. Guys, I think we have to finish the meeting. Uh? What does it say? Come on. Yep. Oh you gotta finish over there? In your own room? I'm gonna be so lonely. Mm I'll clean that up later. What's that?
Oops. Mm-hmm. Means Okay. Just just one thing now. Um y you need to have more uh one two th You've got one two three four five six seven eight nine. But you missed the no uh the zero and uh the two stripes. Okay, but It's rather important. Okay. Ah. Okay, there is one uh function I use uh daily, and it's not on the basic functions. It's uh to switch to uh uh your Scart. Play Station or uh D_V_D_ player. That function must be Yeah, maybe Or you can uh i uh lay it uh beneath in the uh other uh functions. And h how does the second level come out? Uh it slides uh along? From from the uh beneath? Menu? Scart? Uh yeah. And so y you keep you keep one, you have one left. Yes. Yeah. It's a f basic uh Yeah, to navigate. Mm okay. Maybe one button to switch the colour of your uh LEDs? Uh and and you can hold it, you can hold it, and then the colours switch or mm multiple multiple buttons. okay. Okay, yeah. Th Yeah. If we have enough place, uh then we can do that. Colour buttons. And then we choose green, uh blue and red or Okay. Okay. That's uh Um It Some text uh buttons. Yeah, but there's one there's one text button I There's one text button I prefer. That's the one uh that you use if you search for a page, uh like seven hundred, uh and it's counting from one hundred to two hundred, you will switch to your television and back to text. Do you do you Did you think of that? Ex Yeah. Yeah. The sta the state you Yeah. No. Just remember where it was. It it doesn't uh uh clear the the page. If you if you turn teletext on, you you set the seven hundred, and you turn it off, then the next time you turn it on, it still stays on seven hundred? But maybe it's not the way Mm. That's maybe one thing we can discuss about. Mm most new T_V_s do uh collect all the pages. But uh not not every every television, so Yeah, I I thought about one thing. Uh the buttons? Uh from which material are they now? Okay. Because um if you use it a couple of years, some uh sometimes the numbers on the on the buttons are slide away, are uh And maybe we can write the numbers below or above? Or shall we just turn it on on the buttons? Well yeah. That's too much place. Okay, just leave it. Just leave it. Yeah, and i The most time Yeah, with rubber buttons. Yeah, okay. Okay. Fine. Yeah, I made some criteria uh, so we can uh ev evaluate our model. I d d d I don't think if it's right. That shall show it. Mm-hmm. Uh no, uh all criterias we just argue about. Uh Oh. Yeah. Evaluation crit Yeah, evaluation presentation. It's not in. Uh d it doesn't matter um It only had two pages or something. Um well I looked in the reports um from the marketing strategy, or uh of uh the the the the the the new needs and uh the market. The Italians uh, how they think about it. And The research uh about uh the the comp uh the the the users and that kind of stuff. I made some criteria, and we have to test the criteria from one to zero. We sh we we we can give it uh a number, and then we can give ourself an average for our um model. And this These are all I I I found, or I wrote down. And um we have to discuss about, if we give it a one or a seven. Uh Yes. Yeah, the the the difference be between uh beautiful and fancy uh look-and-feel is uh the the the outside uh beautiful uh like the iPod or something. And fancy's more like the mm uh f the flashing lights and the colours and and that kind of stuff. The LEDs. Yes. And and what ki what kind of what kind of basic colours uh were you thought uh of? The basic colours are black or green or yellow? Or you haven't thought about Ho how do we make uh Black and yellow. Can Black white, maybe? Uh Because um Okay, so what uh number do we give uh a beautiful? Beautiful is uh really subjective, uh because it has to do lots with the colours. Changeable fronts, so ev for everyone for everyone it's something beautiful. Yeah. A two. Okay. The fancy look-and-feel. That's about our uh flashing lights and the background uh lights uh from from from the buttons. Okay. And we can change the colours, so that's uh really fancy I think. So Slide panel? Oh, you mean th this here? It's pretty cool. If you slide it open, it lights up. That's that's really fancy, but I don't know if it's reachable. Then we do it. Yeah, but Okay. Okay, fine. So I I think it's very fancy. So I'll give it a Yeah, and you can uh also choose your light, so I think it's one. Okay, next. Learnable? Easy to use? Yeah, we shall test it But uh Yeah. Learnable? It's not not as fast as a usual uh uh remote control. Because because I think I think the scroll wheel, uh it's very handy, but the first time you get this thing in your hands, it's not to use the scroll wheel. I think uh you must uh seek for it, and up or down or Uh then the re Yeah. Okay. Okay. But Yeah. But we we've got the two so two uh two or three uh new things, huh? And maybe we uh maybe learnable is in uh compare of old fashion uh remote controls. So we h we have speech, uh the scroll wheel, and um the the the slide. You must slide it. And that's not normal at the uh normal remote controls. 'Cause I think learnable is a l a less than um easy to use. Because easy to use comes after learnable. I I think it a three or something. Oh. Okay. New features. Techno technological innovative? The speech function is new. The scrollwheel and the slide. Uh I think the slide is pretty new. Uh I only saw it in a telephone, not in an remote control. Okay. Okay, and the the the lightning? Is that new? The lighting's new. Scrollwheel. Speech? Yeah, different fronts for a remote control, I think that's new too. So we have a pretty new uh It's it's it's not not L_C_D_ or something. Uh-oh. Home-station. Yeah. Uh all the the seven, uh all the seven. No, we are not extraordinary new or something. Tha tha that No, we we we searched for uh um a young group, audience, beneath f forty. Yes. Yeah, but did we reach, um with our uh style, the targeted audience? Th that's my question. Yeah. Yeah. Um the only point is that we don't uh have uh uh That's that's That's this question. Yeah, this. So we targeted it? But we didn't follow the latest trends. Tha these are the only latest uh trends I uh get on my computer. Uh yeah, th So we had we uh have uh a fruit uh Oh yeah. But spongy will never be. So we give ourself a three or something. Okay. That's uh What's the average? A perfect score. No, I don't know. And and you need n uh a button to call it, to let it beep. Call That's Yeah, but it No, we need that. That's usable. That's really usable. It's uh Yeah. I did save it. That's fine. Come on, it's perfect. Uh twelve point three point three. Special form, yeah. Four. It's four Euros. Yeah. So we are Okay. Yes. Or a different style. Yeah. We could make a lot of different uh remote controls. So it's creativity. Who was the leader? Yeah yeah. We were not finished. Uh. Yeah, because the prices uh could be twenty Euros or something now. And then Yeah. Yeah, uh everybody could speak their uh opinion. And uh Yeah. Digital pen or Yeah, the drawings are are hard to make, I think. Precise. Digital pen. New ideas. For for for To gather, or to uh work together, uh or new ideas for No, for the prototype. New ideas. Hmm. I should take some pictures uh. Yes. Let's play minesweeper. Ti-din ti-din. I'm breaking a world record here. Oh shit. We've got a problem, Paul. Yes. No it's your choice. Tu-dum. Just pick one. What's this? A bomb or not a bo This the bomb? Wrong. Shit. I knew it. Four in a row. Uh. Is that previous work? Oh, that's so stupid. No, that doesn't work. That's stupid. Okay. Mm. Sorry. Too bad. Yeah, then I put it there. No one wins. It's just the same as normal. Okay. Stupid design. Stupid. 'Kay wait, I'm going to draw something and you must y Okay, blank. Oh. Um I know uh. Oh. Pen. No, it's Only you can know it. It's uh very hard to draw. Mm. It's very Fuck. F A little bit maybe, but Yeah. Okay, the entrance is uh more to the left. Okay. But but but I think this part Oh. Yeah, there are a lot of mistakes, because the walls are thick like this. Oh, that's true. Uh here. Yeah, they're walking behind the walls. 'Kay this is a hard one. Okay. Che-che-che-che. Tu-dumm. Uh. This is That's my new interface. That's a uh edited smiley. Tom-ti-dom. Uh.
Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah, and Or are we making a slide open, like underneath? Or fold open? I don't know. It's probably better. Yeah, s Like underneath uh you can slide it open and you other functions. Yeah. Think that's better. The Yeah, I I think so. I don't know. Ah okay. Yeah. Yeah, it's Let's do it together. Okay. Yeah, we just made a Word file with the basic elements. Uh the look-and-feel model. Uh well the form, the case um as drawn there. Simply a square with uh round corners. So that's basically it. Uh the material should be hard plastic. Uh colour changeable, and also transparent. And colour and transparent, or just transparent, I don't know. Um then the elements. Uh we have The functions are just basic. Like uh I've pointed them here. Mute function, on-off function, text functions. This uh switch channel. And this is the the num-pad. And the logo is over here, and the mic. And the scrollwheel, no? You operate that with your pointing finger. So you hold it like this in your right hand and Uh I dunno. Yeah, maybe maybe uh you have to configure it. Yeah, or or on the slide function, I don't know. Well we haven't had time to design that, the slide pad. Yeah. Um the position? Yeah, you write uh You wrote this, so. Yeah. But it's not uh impossible to use it, if you're left handed. So y Because you can use your thumb then. Mm yeah. Yeah, okay. just so you get that. Yeah. Yeah, these are just basic functions, so All the non-basic are in Okay. Um Okay, maybe we use this button for the Yeah. A second level? Like a a new blank one or Or just here? Okay. Yeah. So what do we need? Yeah, just God damn it. So this is the Extern or something. So here are multiple speech buttons, I don't know how many. I don't know the functions. Okay. What else? What else? Uh menu. Uh With arrows. Like a normal um Yeah, with in the middle um a menu button. Okay. Yeah, okay. We can put those here. So did we miss anything? Okay. Oh wh Here? Okay. Yeah, or th or the Yeah. Yep. Yeah, but then you can switch back to normal telete teletext. You just switch it off and then Well w we thought of a text button. And if you press it again, you get the the the through view. Yeah, b but but if you're in the second stage, the third stage is switch teletext off. So you can switch back from second to w first. Okay, okay. Yeah mm nee uh No, if i uh the remote can send like the the code for seven hundred, page seven hundred to the television. Th th th if you switch it on. Th i Yeah, I dunno. Okay. Yeah, those memory functions. Yeah. Was uh this logo for uh volume? Okay. So that's it? Mm. No no Yeah. Just hard plastic. So Uh I think just um Yeah, but I think uh you have that problem more often with rubber buttons. In the bottom. No, evaluation is Yeah beautiful's is also a matter of taste. And what colours should the buttons be? But can you change those too, with uh the switch? Okay. Yeah. It's ju so subjective. One more thing. Are w are we changing uh Or are they there uh backlights on the slide panel too? Or n no back light? Yeah? And and the switch channel is uh There is a back light too? Yeah. Hmm. Yeah, just backlight. Not not the buttons. And th and the the normal backlights also not the buttons, but behind the buttons. So the buttons are just grey. Okay. No, but you don't have to use that. And you on don't have to pay attention to that second layer. That's th that's the main thing that's so good about it. Well, I think it is. So so few information that you can easily decide what buttons w for what function. Mm uh. The normal. And the one you showed is just all buttons and you don't know Yeah. The speech function and the colour. Colour. Mm it's pretty new, I think. Speech is new. Yeah. Yeah, we didn't draw that too, but Yeah, that's just a normal th s simple thing. Well it's a already in the folder. L like number seven. I think it is. No, I think it is. Okay. Mm two, I think. Yeah. We've got a one for fancy look-and-feel, and that's what attracts the young audience. So think that's a two or a one. Yeah, but s it That's basically not not handy. And I don't thi I don't see Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, you could make a a front a front that's that's like uh like a banana, or something. Like a a f banana kind of front. No. Yeah. Eleven divided by six. We're not too hard on ourselves. Okay. Okay. Yeah, but uh we have to make a speaker then too. If you want to make it beep. But we can we can do it uh underneath the logo. If you do uh Yeah, okay. Mm okay. But uh is uh uh Okay. But but is it inc Does it include a a homestation or Can we make that for uh h twenty cents? Yeah. Yeah, it's four. It's kind of weird that we we get this information now, afterwards. Because Sure. Beautiful. Yeah m If we got a high mark for um uh innovativeness or innovativity then there we probably have been creative. Yeah. Huh. No, I think Yeah. Just normal discussion, I think. Not one leader or something. Yeah. And make notes. Yeah. Yeah, w we had so much information, that we get through email and just Yeah. Yeah, th that's weird. Hmm hmm yeah. So we're bacal basically just lucky to uh get the price right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, i if if it would be faster, it would be great. Yeah. Yeah, and p just point with a mouse. Yeah. Just old fashioned kinda blackboard style. But you might as well do it in normal computer style. Yeah. Yeah. And it's far too slow this way. No. What's that? Hmm. Yeah, but still, you couldn't make a fancy a f you couldn't make a a prototype out of this. Because we don't have any sizes and Yeah, but it You can't possibly do that in such a short time, I think. Yeah, just brainstorming basically. So are we finished? Okay. Yeah. Oh okay. It's now quarter past three. So Yeah. Now we can look at this. We're probably not supposed to look at this, but Yeah, from the previous group. The touchscreen, yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Here are the basic functions in here, the selecting dev devices. Hmm. No. Yeah, this one. Hmm. This is a very interesting design. Well it has a L_C_D_, I think. And what else do we have? Yeah, everything. It wants to know what we do in our spare time. Warning. Finish meeting now. Warning. Warning. Okay. Boom-boa-ring-bing. Fill in the questionnaire. What now? Okay. No more chit-chat. Yeah. Okay.
Oh. Okay. So just f um So this is our agenda. You're F You're going to show your pr prototype presentation after me. Uh I didn't Oh yeah. So these are the So these are the um last notes we I made. If anything doesn't look right, just say it to me then. I don't have to put it in the report. Okay, but it's still possible uh uh financially. So if you want to, it's okay. Okay, just Slide open is uh quite usable for remote controls. Maybe that's better. Yeah, that's that's a very good point. Yeah. Okay. So this is okay? Okay, so that's Uh I'll just have a look how much that is. But um Okay, for the Okay. No, you have a different chip for speech recognition. So So I already calculated that and it's still in the budget. So it's okay. So you can show your prototype if you want to. Okay, cool. Okay. Mm. So how many functions do you need for for uh the microphone? Yeah, speech recognition. Just Only one button to say it's on or off. So you can put it on the back as well if you want to. Okay. Yeah, you can put it separate. Okay. And do you still can, do you still can choose what colour, kind of colour you want? How do you want to implement that? Just on the Maybe on the second level as well? Okay, just draw draw the second level, because we need that as well. Yeah, as well. Just make make a Just just draw a second level one and say all options that are still left or something. Yeah. No no, just on Down there. So uh Just uh if you s Yeah, y Maybe, yeah. For the bottom. No, you gotta slide it. Yeah, it's right. Yeah. You want to save that file as well? The drawing? Doesn't really matter. Just just uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Or we just make it three buttons, all the colours on it. Just red, yel uh red, green and That's that's very easy, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, ma on on o on the on the Yeah. Just make it Yeah, just put it on those extra f extra function as well. Oh just three stages, you Yeah, that's okay. Yes, that's to remember. Yeah, but that's that's uh That's a functionality for the television. Okay. Yeah, but you have to search every time again. That's what what happening if you do it like that. But it's still the television that has to do that. No, that's what the television does. Okay, it's cool. Yeah, that's fine. Is this prich pretty much it, yeah? It's too expensive to make it from a different material anyway. Yeah? Okay, cool. Mm mm mm mm mm. Yeah, I don't know what this means. But I think we just evela evaluated this one. Oh okay, you made some criteria. Okay, cool. Okay. You have some usability criteria or Okay. Look-and-feel? Okay. Okay. Uh I think uh if you have a kind of iPod idea. It quite beautiful. It's We are actu We are the Flashy. But uh It's black. Yeah, yellow light. Do we have yellow light? No, not really, but it's possible. It's Yeah, different colours. This is Oh, the same as th th the cover. But also th the light behind it. No, no. Make them No, just make them black or grey or something. Yeah. Yeah, just give it a one. It's okay. It's perfect. I think it's just what you want. Or not? Okay, just give it a two. Yeah. No. No, it's only on the number, behind the numbers and uh That as well, yeah. Yeah, but that's unnecessary. Yeah. It doesn't make No. Yeah. But Yeah. Mayb Okay. Yeah, just only Yeah, that's right. So Yeah, that's how I think. Ye Yeah, this It is a one. It's okay. It's cool. This is a difficult one, because we we don't Yeah, we don't know it about the Uh it's it's very easy to use, but uh the second layer is not easy to use. It's That's No. But the rest of it is very easy, because there are so so n So it is learnable um f i i In the first place it's very easy to use. And I think its scrollwheel is u easy to use as well, if you have ever used uh a different kind of uh of uh device. But yeah. Okay, just Easy to use is very cool, so just give it a two. No, but definitely better, much better than uh than uh than avera average, yeah. Okay. Slide is not n is is not new. No. I already have a Uh I already have a V_C_R_ and it's about from nineteen eighty eight. And they all have a slide in it. So that's not new. Yeah. That's cool. Yeah for a Uh for a f There are no games on it, that's that's It's not a one, it's a two again. But If you have Yeah. Oh yeah, that's right. Rechargeable. Yeah, just draw it afterwards. If you Can you save it on the same, in the same map as the other ones? In the the project uh map? Yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh save as? No, that's not in the project. Oh yeah, okay. Smart board. Yeah, but this one. This one is not yet in the Oh oh. But you still have to draw the resi the recharger. Okay. And new features, so we give it a two or also again a one? No, I think i if you have games on it, then then you give you have a one. But not No, just so it's still a two. Targeted audience. Uh we are the targeted audience? Do we like it? Yeah, but l younger than forty. So we we are exactly the targeted group. I think so, yeah. You get the fancy things for younger people. And you get the the aesthetic things for older people. So you want Yeah, you get different colours. So Oh. So that's eleven. It's Yeah, it is one point eight three. Oh yeah, that's still Yeah, maybe we have to skip that one. Okay. So I just got a financial um You s saved it or No. Okay, let's have a look at this one here, the production cost of it. If I forgot anything, just say it to me. It just is a battery. Yeah, there are some that they didn't mention, because recharge is not on the list. But okay. So I think we are pretty much in the right direction, because it's twelve point three Euros. So this is a regular chip incl and and a sample speaker. So that's both. Yeah, and single curved curved. No, that's not on the list. But that shouldn't be. Probably. I just The b the button supplements, I didn't I d I was wondering if this special colour maybe was I'm not sure. See it's I think it's okay like this. It's hard to say. But maybe we have to um Yeah, okay. Special colour, you can skip this one, because it's all quite normal. We get different ones, that's all. So you can put a recharger in it as well. But this is expensive, the sample speaker. Yeah. Yeah, that's included. Yeah, no. Okay, so this is uh pretty much it this. So I just want you Yeah, we just made it. So we can do the project evalu evaluation now for uh for everything together. Okay. We can do some discussion about this. Was there room for creativity? Paul, was there room for crea creativity? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so the leadership Was there a leadership and Okay. What do you have to say about that? I dunno. Yeah, I know. Okay, next one. Uh team work um The the third meeting I think that one was pretty hard. We were not all We were not um agree with every not agree with. We're not finished. Yeah. Yeah, finance. But the teamwork was okay. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah, what I have to say about uh means. The smart board is okay. Digital pen is horrible. I dunno if you use it. But if you want to download it to your computer, it's doesn't work. No. Yeah. It's the same for the presenta for the presentations. You can do it from here. That's much easier than standing there. And so you've Yeah. Yeah, like. Okay. I think Yeah, okay. So we made it in time. And we made a remote control. In the budget, yeah. I don't know what it mean. Just For remote control probably. No, for the project. Yeah. But it's for the next team. We don't have to do that. Yes, I think just I just write a final report. No, we have only four minutes left. Uh it's okay. Okay. You have to save everything, you know that, huh? Okay, yeah.
";The project manager presented the agenda and the minutes from the previous meeting. The group discussed speech recognition , whether the remote should slide open or fold open, and what type of chip they should use. The designers presented the prototype, which resembles an ipod in appearance, and is made of transparent coloured plastic. The colours will be changeable. The remote has both buttons and a scroll wheel. The number buttons have a back-light. The group discussed adding extra buttons/functions. The prototype was evaluated and received an average overall score of 1.8. The project manager went through the finances, and the total cost came to 12.3 euros, although this did not include the cost of the recharger, which was not on the price list. The group evaluated the project process, and were generally pleased with their creativity and teamwork, but were unsatisfied with the equipment. 
"Good morning. Sorry? Yeah, busy job. Good morning. So Oh, good morning everyone. I'd uh like to welcome you to our first meeting. I've prepared a little presentation. My name is and uh I hope you will introduce yourself uh in a few minutes, as will I. Um I'm the Project Manager of this project, and uh, well I will tell you on what actually is the project. This is uh the agenda for our first meeting. Um this is the opening, then we will get I will hope we will get acquainted to each other. We'll do a little tool training with these two things. We'll take a look at the project plan. Uh there will be time for discussion. Actually we have to discuss because we have to create a product. And then we will close this session. Um but first of all we I'd like to uh introduce you to this room. Um as you probably have noticed there are little black uh fields on the table. Um you have to put your laptop exactly in that field so the little cameras can see your face. Um there are cameras everywhere around the room especially here for your face, of course, and this isn't a pie, it's a a set of microphones and there are microphones here also. But please uh don't be afraid of them. They won't hurt you. Um well uh I said I'm the Project Manager and uh I'm hoping uh for a good project and uh I'd like to hear uh who you are and what your functions are uh on this project. Let's start with the ladies. Okay, so I. Okay, well we have some expertise from uh different pieces of the of the company. That's good. Um well I said uh we're working on a project and the aim for the project is to to create a to design a new remote control which uh has to be original, trendy and of course, user friendly. And uh I hope we have the expertise to create such a project such a product. Um the way we hope to achieve that is uh the following methods. It consists of three phases, namely the functional design, conceptual design and detailed design. As you can see, all of these phases consists of two parts, namely individual work part and a meeting where we will discuss uh our work so far. Okay. But first I will uh tell you something about the tools we have here. I already talked about the cameras and microphones, but they are not of uh much use to us. Uh we will have to take advantage of these two things. They are smart boards. As you can see, you can give a presentation on them. And uh this one here is a white board. I will uh instruct you about that soon. Um as you also noticed uh this presentation document is in our uh project folder and every document you put in this folder uh is uh it is possible to show that here in our meeting room. Um and yeah there are available on both smart boards but I think we will uh mainly use this one for the documents in the shared folder. As you can see, this is the same tool bar uh as is located here. Um the most functions uh we will use will be to to add a new page, um uh to go back and forward between pages, and of course uh to save it every now and then. Um and this is the pen with which you can draw on the board, for instance like this if everything's okay, but I first have to put it on the pen, you see I'm new to it too. Um and then you can write things like test or whatever you want. As you can see you have to move it a little bit slow, it's not such a fast board, it's a smart board but also a slow board. Uh but you can write things and of course you can also, when you click here, uh erase things, so we have uh est left. And um you can also delete an entire page, but we ask you not to do that. Just simply create a new one and uh start all over because we want to save all the results. Um does everyone understand this nice application? Well you can erase it with the eraser, but uh you shouldn't delete an entire page, but just create a new blank one. I will delete this one now because we don't use it yet. But you can of course erase when you make a mistake, but don't uh delete entire pages. And you can also um let's see I think it's here uh change the uh colour of your pen, for instance take a blue one and uh change the line width like to five. Um that's what you will need for our first exercise, because I'm uh going to ask you to draw your favourite animal. It's also to gets to know each other because um I'm asking three things, uh for that uh drawing, to do it on a blank sheet, with different colours and I just showed you how to pick a colour, and also with different pen widths which I also showed you. Um and a favourite characteristic can be just uh one word. Well I'm not very good at drawing, but I will uh go first and um try to draw Or maybe you should guess what I'm drawing, eh. Well it uh could be everything. Maybe when I put on this thing it could be a turtle, or a snail, and But a turtle has. And those are slow. And I hope our project group will not be slow, but we will uh work to a good result and do it uh as fast as we can. Okay, time for another animal. Would you like to go next? Mm-hmm. Okay. Could you write the words, uh underneath it? Or more words. Little rabbits. Okay, thank you. And our final drawing. Mm-hmm. Okay, well thank you very much. I can see we have some uh drawing talent uh in this group, huh? Well, nice animals, nice words. Sounds good. Um back to business, back to the money part. Um from the finance department I have learned that we are aiming for a selling price of twenty five Euros. And we're hoping for a aim of fifty million Euros and uh we are hoping to achieve that uh by aiming for an international market. And the production cost will be twelve Euro fifty max. Okay, well it's time uh for some discussion. I've wrote down some examples here of what we can can speak about. Uh what's your experience with remote controls, um what kind of ideas do you have to design a new remote control, maybe for which market segments should we aim, or should we aim for all segments. Uh well actually I'd like to hand the word uh back to you. What's your experience with remote control? Mm-hmm. Boring, it's not fun to use a remote. Mm-hmm. Well maybe we should try to make it fun. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So maybe a a minimalist design, the least uh possible amount uh of buttons. Mm-hmm. So you don't want to bother people with uh loads of buttons, but on the other hand they need many buttons so they don't have to get out of their seat. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, well any more ideas? No? Okay, yeah well we have some time. Let's see what more I have to tell you. I don't think there is much left. Nope. We're starting to close. Um our next meeting uh will start well we're a little bit early, but our next meeting will start in in thirty minutes. In the meantime uh there's time for some uh individual actions. Um, as you can see, the different roles have uh different tasks. And there's a ping. Is it my laptop? Yep. Ah well that's good, five minutes and uh the meeting's over, uh right on schedule. Um the Marketing Expert will uh will take a look at the user requirement specification. The User Interface Designer will work out the technical functions design. And this was the Interface Designer? Or the Interaction Designer. Or what was it, I_D_? Interface Designer, okay, first guess was right. Uh will take a look at the the working design. Industrial Designer, okay, sorry. Let's just use the acronyms. Um and of course specific instructions uh will be sent to you uh through your personal coach. Uh well those instructions will be uh in the email you will receive uh shortly, I hope. And of course you have your own uh expertise. Well uh that was what I had to say. Uh are there any more questions? No? Okay well I think then we have to head uh back to our offices and uh start working. Okay, one question? Okay we're still going. Okay, well I expect everything will be much clearer with the instructions we will receive uh shortly. Okay well uh see you all in about thirty minutes, then. Thank you very much.
Good morning. Well Well uh I'm uh and my uh function is User Interface Design, I think. So uh that's me. Me too. Oh. So we can't erase anything. Right. Alright. It's a sheep. A beaver. It's weird. It has wings? Well the snail doesn't have legs. Oh right. Well. It's a giraffe. Or a dinosaur. Yes. Giraffe. Should I uh Alright. So I can draw, but uh Uh. Well. Oh. Oh wrong one. Uh. Well uh you can guess what it is, I hope. It's a rabbit. And uh well uh it's uh quick, I guess. That's uh my uh favourite animal. A dolphin. Right. Well. With an E_. You can try out the eraser now. Not really. I always lose them. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. search for the buttons, which one is which and uh Well. Perhaps that you have a lot of road remotes r road con remote controls. Yes, perhaps you can integrate them or something. Yes. Your stereo and your T_V_ and uh. Perhaps that's an idea. Yeah, that's right. And which you don't use. Right. Yeah. You should just give it to. Changing channel. Yes. But you should make sure that you have every button they need on it. Because uh things for uh teletext, I dunno uh, w what's the name? Yeah. But But if if it's if it's international you should uh look in think in Britain they have uh different things they can do with the T_V_, or so uh that you can choose what you want to see. I dunno if you should uh take that in consideration, or that you just should aim for the normal T_V_s that uh And the B_B_C_. Yes. Yeah, I don't know if the they have that anywhere else, though. Yeah, we can leave that. Yeah. Well but but then you have to to find your other remote control if you want to search. That's not Yeah, that's right. Yeah that's uh. Well not everywhere. Yeah, you can choose the code. Yeah. But the people have a new television, and c if you look into the future, then they want will want the button, if their thing is broke. Yeah. Guess not. Yeah meeting will close in five minutes. Hmm hmm. No interface. No the Yeah. So So I should look at uh what you should be able to do with the remote, or uh, or how I don't really Right. Alright. Me too. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
Good morning. Okay, uh I'm uh I'm the Industrial Designer and I uh hope to uh look forward to uh a very uh pleasing uh end of this uh project. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. Seal, a seal. A be Mm. With a tail and a mouth. Snail. Okay. Sure. The hell. Make that cute. Tall. B Bunny rabbit. Okay. Okay, um. Uh I uh draw I I've drawn a dolphin because of its intelligence. One of the most intelligent uh animals in our world. Yeah intelligent. I've I've uh Eraser. Pen. Well not perfect, but okay. A lot of buttons. And you always lose them. A lot of buttons which you don't use or who you don't use Complex. Not user friendly. Mm. Black colours. They use batteries and batteries uh and poor signal. Uh. Yeah, different remote controls, yeah. Uh for the use of different uh devices. Yeah but you could uh I thin uh there's a possibility to g uh to uh to put those buttons uh behind some uh kind of uh protection so that if y y you only get to see them when you need 'em. That's possible, so that you only get the No n n no, just Uh for example you got th uh the same size uh remote control you use everyday, but um the usual buttons such as uh um zapping uh as you call it in Dutch. Uh and the volume control uh are only the only possible buttons uh to use directly. Or uh the numbers, of course. But uh not uh the buttons used to search on the the channels on your television. You only use those uh the first time, or. So. Uh. Yeah, I think so, yeah. Yeah, uh teletext. think so. Okay. Right. Uh. Yeah I I understand. No. Yeah. When I think of it uh I think the main idea uh of this remote remote control is uh to make it user friendly. So uh I think uh when p uh when uh the customers will buy this remote control, they already have uh the remote control which uh companies uh uh with uh the the standards uh remote control with which comes uh with the television. So uh it only has to have uh the most used buttons. You don't have to integrate the buttons to search the channels on your television. In those in that Yeah but I but it is impossible to uh to accommodate uh accommodate uh all the buttons on the s on the difference different televisions sets on one remote control. It's impossible. Because uh for example Sony television uh has the opportunity to s to make uh uh to make it possible for to see on one side of the screen uh teletext, and on the other side uh just n uh regular television. Uh Yeah, but uh they don't use the same signal, uh on remote control. Because you can't use a Panasonic uh remote control on a on a Philips television. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, but uh I think that most people uh th uh will buy the remote control because because uh the first they lost the one they lost first one or the first one is broken, so uh uh perhaps they have a got a an older television, so that option is not uh optional for those uh people. Yeah, yeah. So we should take that in consideration. Oh mm, no. Things'll come up. Stop the meeting now. Okay. Mm. No? No, the Industrial Designer will take a look at the working design, and the in uh usability interaction Yeah, okay. Okay. Okay. No. Okay. Oh. No problem. Okay. Alrighty. Okay.
My name's. I'm uh Marketing Expert. My job is in the company to promote company or promote products to the customers. So I also h hope we have a pleasant uh working with uh with each other. Mm-hmm. S Good. No. Dinos Dinosaur. Beaver. Turtle. No problem. No problem. Mm. It was four months? Nice, okay. To make it a little bit easier. No, it's a giraffe. 'Kay. I think it's easy to r uh to recognise as a giraffe. Yeah, the favourite charis characteristic is that the long neck, it can reach everything. And I hope I can also reach a lot with this project. So that's my favourite animal. Anything else you need to know? Oh, uh Tall. So, 'kay. It's a mouse. A bunny rabbit. Uh-huh. No problem. Bob Ross. Dolphin. Yeah. Complex. No. No. Boring. No. Black, all black. So, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The the angle you have to use. You had different remote controls for different devices. Yes. Yeah. Yeah but then again you you still have a lot of buttons, so Flap yeah. Yeah, okay, that's possible, but it'll get very big the the remote control. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. numbers. On and off. Yeah, play, pause, stop. Mm-hmm, of course. No. Yeah. Because I think a market will be all kind of people. Elderly p el elderly, young people, so. Yeah I think that's the better one, because I think if you you're going to target a lot of people and the whole world and only Britain then I think the cost will uh rise higher than the twelve fifty, I think. I think the aim is better to use uh the whole world and Britain, yeah. Not that much. Mm. Standard deliver. Mm. No but Yeah. Yeah, th it it's I think that's not Yeah, okay. No. I think n m n most televisions nowadays do this. So I think numerals. Yeah, but then you have to choose the this always with r universal remotes you have to choose the code. You can use which which type of television you have. That's no problem. But I think like the two pages on the same screen, like teletext and normal television, that's that's nowadays standard, I think. Simplicity. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah g available. True. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Interface. Uh-huh. No. I have one question. Where does it says we have to make a remote, because I presumed She didn't know who. Okay, no, no problem. No problem. Yeah. Mm-hmm.
";The project manager acquainted the team with the tools and equipment around them and then had the team members introduce themselves by name and what role they had in the project. The project manager then introduced the upcoming project along with more tools and equipment to the team members. The team members then participated in an exercise in which they drew their favorite animals. After the drawing exercise, the project manager talked about the project finances and production costs. The team then discussed their experiences with remotes and various features to consider when producing a remote. 
"Yeah. Choose a number? Yes. Well. Well everybody already has his presentation, so you can adjust it. Yeah. Oh right. There is something turning. Yeah, I've got it there too. Yeah. Shall I go uh next? 'Kay. So. Well uh, my name's, and I looked at uh technical functions design of the remote. Uh I did this by uh looking at examples of other remote controls, of how they uh they look, and information from the web that I found. Um well what I found was that uh th the actual use of the remote control is to send messages to television set, how you uh d what you described uh just early. And this can be all sorts of medsa messages, turn it on, turn it off, uh change the channel, adjust volume, that kind of thing. Uh play video, teletext, but also t uh play C_D_ if you use it your C_D_ player the remote control will that one. There are some uh examples of remote controls. You can see they are very different. The one has got all the functions that you could possibly need and an lot of uh buttons etcetera. And the other is uh more user friendly, little with big buttons. And uh not n all the the the the stuff you can do with it, but uh the the essential stuff is there. Um I guess you could better y you should look at a a user centred uh approach, because the customers have to use them and and if they don't think it's usable they won't uh buy it. A lot of buttons they may think from I don't need s as much as that. Uh, well perf personal preferences is is uh a simple remote, with uh the basic functions that you can need that you could use. But uh keep in mind the new functions of T_V_ what we discussed earlier, split screen and uh is that a function that you should have? Because all the T_V_s will have them. Or because of only a few and isn't really necessary. And then uh make it I would make so that you can could uh use it on more than one appliance. If you have one that uh uh does with the vi the the video, it could also work with uh with the stereo, because play is play and stop stop and that sort of thing. The shu c you could reuse the buttons so that you don't have to have a lot of buttons for uh anything. And it should be a user friendly, clear buttons, and not too much. And that is my presentation. You must still have it open. Yeah. Hmm. Mm. Oh right. No. Res I did not. Perhaps the rest? Oh. Mm. Well you said it should only uh work with one appliance? Or with one uh d che only the T_V_? And the video also, or not uh? Oh. Alright. Okay. Yeah. Then it should have uh on, off, and uh Yeah. And per perhaps uh No. Well uh uh yes yes s sh A button where you can uh change from one number to two numbers. Can you Don't know if that's got a name, but Yeah. S Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so you should have that one on. Mute misschien also. An But, do you But if you would do an L_C_D_ screen do we have don don't you have any buttons? Or because if it only directs at the T_V_, then you only have uh I don't know what you want to do with the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah? Oh right, so you can Oh, yeah alright. So you can adjust which buttons you want on that s screen. Yeah alright, oh right. Yeah. Yeah. Would be yeah. Well we had twelve fifty, I guess, for uh production? Yeah. I dunno how expensive an L_C_D_ screen is. Any guesses? Yeah. But But he also said that we should not only focus on the younger people, but also on the older, and will they use it if it only has an L_C_D_ screen? Oh, so still a little bit people Yeah that's right. But you don't want to alienate the other uh But if they also buy it then it's alright. I guess. Yeah. Alright. An Yes. Yeah. Yeah. But perhaps later, so uh Yeah. I don't Well perhaps we should have a backup plan that we would use buttons if it's uh too expensive. Yeah. The L_C_D_? Oh that's a bit of a problem. Oh, that's a bit of a problem. Yeah, but they don't they don't like it. They think it's ugly. When it has an L_C_D_ screen. Oh, alright, I thought that you said that. Yeah. Yeah. A mute button. I think. And Yeah. But But shouldn't you put a button of for teletext on the for the people who want to use it? Remembering we have got a big remote that you have to fill. Yeah. Yeah, they are less important, but I think they should be there, or not? Like with a with a mouse, you have not, yeah. We should think of the twelve fifty we have but I don't know how much that's going to uh Yeah. You should Perhaps you should be able to to switch the control off. If you have an L_C_D_ screen that's burns all the time I dunno. You shouldn't on and off because that's ver extra, that you have t first you have to turn the remote on, and then you can uh I don't know. Nee that's that's uh yeah. But then you can't Yeah. Yeah yeah au automac matically, that it yeah. Yeah. If it's sensible. Yeah. Yeah, b when the batteries are low But you'll also forget to put it in, because you throw it on the couch and you don't remember. Yeah. That's right. Yeah. Well I think the batteries should should w should work a lot longer than a couple of days, or not? 'Cause Yeah, that's right, but Yeah. Right. But then you also have to s have somewhere where you can put a remo recharger near your couch because otherwise you have to walk a long way when you twoft want to turn on the T_V_. Yeah. I think everything has it for and I guess. Yeah. Alright. Yeah, twelve fifty, twelve fifty. So it's pretty big. Yeah. W I know let's do a speech. Yeah. Yeah. You can clap or something. Yeah. Now you shouldn't say the wrong thing, I dunno. But they want to talk into the remo remote control, or something, or? Oh, but do we want to implement that, or? Yeah. I know Mm. Well I don't know if that can be done with the cost of twelve fifty. With that uh Yeah, but how would you like to implement that, that you say volume up, and then it goes up, or? Uh. Then you also have to have different languages if we go international. Then uh it's y it's yours to do a French and Dutch and English and Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Yeah you can use icons for the a speaker and uh But if that's better than language for the for the remote. Then it's Yeah. Well, if it could be done, we Yeah. Yeah, that should be uh anything matters. Well, you sh you should to adjust the thing. Yeah. And you have to speak the so that it can understand. You could use that n as an option, if you have money left, or something. Yeah. Let's do speech. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. I With uh teletext if it wasn't ver very important, it was but You also now have colours. I don't know if we should implement that. Yeah, when you press the red button, you go to page one hundred two, and when you press the I don't know if we should implement that, because it says that teletext not really important, but yeah, the shortcut, and you can't go to sport. Yeah. 'Cause it should be there. So actually it is there but it's just not r ready there. You'll have to search for it. Yeah. Yeah, that's a I guess not. We've got anon Have got got two examples here, but I don't think there's anything we're missing. Well, we don't have the video orders Yeah, you could look here all the the Uh th th th th I don't know, technical functions. They're a bit small, you can we should stretch them, because I guess we've got them all. And for a T_V_? Can you zoom in a T_V_? Or that you can put 'em on uh on on wide and yeah. But that should also be a sub then, a sub uh menu thing. Yeah, so we should also implement se screen settings. Oh right. Yeah. Yeah, so you can program the Yeah, so the first you see the main, and the other ones you can uh go to uh Yeah. I hope we can do this. We don't have to use that top. Yeah. Yeah. And do we want them in different colours, or And and the buttons, should they have colours? Oh but we don't have any buttons. Yeah. They think it's ugly, right? Perhaps you can uh make adjustable fronts, like with the telephones. You can uh But I don't think that uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A disco version. Five minutes? Oh yeah, right. So you can program the T_V_. Perhaps you should you'd throw them on on in one pile. So, options, and then you sub them. Otherwise you have all those teletext, perhaps teletext not, but Yeah, but I Yeah. Yeah. But I don't know. Or do we have any buttons? On the remote. Which one? But that's also in the L_C_D_, right? So we don't have any normal buttons that uh No, alright. Yet on and off is p is perhaps you kno No, no. Oh well, you should be able to set which T_V_ you have. If you have if you have uh Yeah. But isn't idea to use uh uh what you said, uh normal on and off button for the T_V_, that you don't have to use a Yeah but but not for the remote but for the T_V_, that you use But a not as normal button, in the L_C_D_, yeah. No you just tap I think. But Yeah a yeah. I don't know whether it's handy to have a n a normal on button, a r just uh rubber uh for for T_V_, so you can turn it on and then you can choose the channel. Otherwise you I don't know whether or not that's Yeah, yeah. To turn it on. Of or you should put it in the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, I have, yeah. Well I I guess if you use the L_C_D_ screen, you first have to search where is the on button, then you uh you you then turn it, and then the T_V_ goes on. But if you have a normal on button on the on the remote, then you do the on, and then you search the channel which you want. Oh right. Yeah, I think so too. Otherwise y wet e k Yeah. Yeah. If we can afford it. Alright. Lunch. Should we put this back in our rooms, or uh? Yeah.
Yep yep yep yep. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well, shall I go first with the users? I think well okay no problem. Ja precies, ja precies, ja precies E_I_E_. Animation. Infrared light. To this meeting. Smoking. 'Kay. Check. Kijke 'Kay, so. We're going to j discuss the functional requirements of the remote, that m that means that functions user n want to have on the remote control, or just Yeah, and the users, actually. The methods I I prefer is we're going to look which section of the users we are going to focus a l on more. Are the younger people going to buy the remote control or the elderly people? And then tho that section we're going to focus and adjust the remote more to that section than the whole user section. Okay. Some data. Younger people, from sixteen to thir forty five um years are more interested in fj features like L_C_D_ screens, speech recognition e etcetera. And we possess about two third of the market from in that range of age. The elderly people, from forty five years to sixty five years are not that much interested in features, and we possess less than two third, that's two fifth, of the market share in that area. Goed so. 'Kay. Findings. Fifty percent of the users lose their remote often. So we don't have to make it very small, like uh like a mobile phone or something, but some somewhat bi bigger than small, so you don't lose it that much anymore. Seventy five percent of the users also find it ugly, and fif seventy five of the users zap a lot, so the buttons sh should be that small, or shouldn't be that complex because we have to search for the buttons, which one are you going to use. Next. Important issues about the remote. I think it would be better with a personal reference, but okay. Remote control has to have to have a low power usage, because s w seventy five percent of the users only zap one time an hour, so the power usage is also one one time an hour, or so, with a high power usage we would use a lot of but batteries. The volume button and the channel buttons are the two most important buttons on the remote control, so those they those have to h be find very easily. And have to be somewhat like bigger etcetera. It has also be have to find easily when the label is gone. My colleague also announced it that labels should be scratched off or would be s uh senden okay. So uh if that's k uh if that's the problem, you also have to find it easily on the remote. Buttons. Like what all colleagues said, have to have to be minimalized. or should be covered, or in L_C_D_ screen. L_C_D_ screen is easy because we have the L_C_D_ screen, we have the various options. Put one option and then you have the all the buttons of that options, so the other options would be gone. And you don't see the buttons. So L_C_D_ screens should be easy, but an L_C_D_ screen, the problem with the L_ sc L_C_D_ screen is that elderly people fr from forty five to for sixty five years don't use the L_C_D_ screen a lot. So we have to that keep that in mind that if you're going to implement L_C_D_ screen, you don't have to make it that hard to learn or to use. Yeah, touch screen, yeah. The last but not least, younger people are more critical about the features. Because they use the remote control often more often, and are more technical than the ol older people. And the older people spend more money, and easily on a remote control. So we have to keep in mind to to focus not a lot not that much on the younger pep younger people, but also somewhat on the elderly people. And on my personal preferences, I don't have any mo more time to come with that, but like I said, L_C_D_ screen is easily to use because you have you can implement a lot of buttons in one remote with not that much buttons. And it should be easy to use. Especially the volume buttons, the channel buttes buttons and the number buttons to zap through the channels. And that is it. Ja, Be television. Only the television. So yeah, then you can yeah. Requirements, no? Functions. Yeah, the basics then by a volume, channel, one till two zero numbers on it, oh teletext doesn't have to be? Um other functions. Yeah I had Yeah, yeah. I think it's I think it's easy to implement a button with a s s what which especially do that, because some T_V_s, if you press the t one and then the two, it be between five secs it make twelve, and that's that's not relaxed to user. Yeah. So that it easy and fast. Yeah. Our main targets' age are? were? Forty five plus, or? Forties, okay because because younger people as Uh younger people have now, sixteen till to twenty five age, are f eighty one percent interested in L_C_D_ screen. From twenty six to thirty five have sixty six percent, and thirty six to forty five, fifty five percent, so I think to um Because on most recog remote controls um the print plate will be broken how much, two years. You have to press h very hard to go to the next channel. With the L_C_D_ screen it's easier because you only have to wipe the screen to uh for fingerprint, and then you can use it again. Yeah, okay. Yeah but a you don't know True. Yeah, it only says that this perce percentage like L_C_D_ screen. Because, yeah and it says that younger age between sixteen and forty five highly interesting features more critical. And if the only f Yeah, because our target is sixteen to forty five. Yeah you don't know how much it costs. Yeah, you don't know how much it costs, the L_C_D_ screen. No, I don't have any costs here, I only have percentages. Yeah. Yeah, if you want to adjust, like for example, adjust the audio settings, you press audio on the touchscreen and you get the buttons for audio settings, so the other buttons are gone. I think it's the most easier thing, yeah. No. Yeah. Highly. Yeah, but Um, s forty six to forty five, thirty three percent, and sixty fifty six to sixty five twelve percent. But our our our what's it, project requirements are the new products should be reached for new markets, to customers that are younger than forty. No, that not now, but, so Yeah, but market share fro for for forty years and younger is higher than that of sixty five and younger. Yeah, i i if it Yeah, if it costs gets too much, too expensive, then yeah, we should be sticking to rubber buttons. N nothing, no costs at all. Yeah, in I think that should yeah I think we all get the costs of everything. Yeah, okay, I'll I'll post it. Yeah. Okay, L_C_D_, yeah. Then you have the seventy five percent of users find it r ugly. Yeah, and eighty percent of the users would spend more money with a when a remote would look fancy. Tha i l i it'll look fancy with L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah, just a the plain remotes, not not specific L_C_D_ remotes. So Mm-hmm. Yeah, of course. And then you have the other thing, that seventy five percent zap a lot, but that's not a f question with the L_C_D_ screen. Only thing you have to do is wipe the screen off once each time, to get all the fingerprints off it. Um Mm-hmm. The most important things on a f on an on an uh remote control are channel selection, volume con selection, and power s power usage. And a teletext, but that is not of the question. Other things are Sorry? Yeah, it could be. Yeah. Yeah, teletext. And other other less important things are screen settings, audio settings, and channel settings, but Less important. Yeah, should be there, but not press Yeah, sub-menu, yeah. Yeah, in a breath it's Charted. Yeah, but we don't we don't have any costs now, so Yeah. Yeah e e power supply is one of the most important things. Yeah, I think it's it's not that easy because I don't think people will like it who who uh that you have to turn it on first and then use it, so I think it's better when th the T_V_ shuts down, the remote shuts down. Yeah. Yeah. After two minutes, yeah two three minutes, yeah. Yeah. And then b that uh before an hour when its get again gets empty. Then you have plenty of time to recharge it, of put it in a recharger. Charger. Yeah, if it's. Uh. Yeah, because when you're watching T_V_, you're zapping and you have to put it in a recharger, and I don't think it Yeah, okay, but then we have to be sure that the the the the batteries go hours, six hours, five, six hours, then. Yeah, then you have a problem. Or we have to be sure that the batteries last couple of days when they're recharged. So. Yeah because you have b but you have L_C_D_ screen. High power usage. Yes. True. Yeah. Yeah. True. Yeah, you made a point there. Yeah, otherwise all your yeah. Just a small device. Plug it in, that's it. Yeah, like a like telephone charger or something. Yeah. Yeah. It has to be easy to use also, or things. Uh market share, speaker re speech recognition. I think. Also. Well I think that this should be standard. Large button large buttons. Yeah? Okay.. Yeah, it says also Yeah. Twelve. That's an also ninety one percent sixteen to twenty five, twenty six to thirty five years, seventy six percent, and thirty six to forty five, thirty five percent. But then I I I Yeah. Yeah. Ninety. Twenty five. channel. Yeah. Yeah, twelve. Yeah. Is this only would you would you pay more for speech recognition in a remote control. It's the only thing it says. I think an L_C_D_ screen should be suf sufficient. Yeah, it says a lot, but No I think I think it's better to have L_ L_C_D_ screen, because in the area of tw thirty six to forty five, we have about thirty percent of the market share in in our hands, and fifty five of those people want L_C_D_ screen and thirty five want speech recognition. So I think it's better to keep it with L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, if the costs al allow it. Nee. If it should be done, if it could be done, I won't matter. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. True. Yeah. True. But that should also be with f should be also with L_C_D_ screen. Because then I think in Chinese is different written, volume is different written than um Swahili or something. Ja, well possible. Yeah, yeah yeah yeah. 'Kay, what else? Yeah, we have to keep Yeah. I think it's difficult. Every language of dialects I think it's very differen difficult. Yeah. I think it can't be implemented, but maybe Yeah, 's an option, yes. Fifty Euro cents. Yeah. Mm, yes. No, but Curved? Um. I think we should we could that we could also implement a audio settings, screen settings and channel settings, but as sub-menus. D Mainly if you turn the uh remote control on, you have to u you have to see from one till zero, channel and volume. And if you want to use teletext screen or audio, then you can press it. It should be available but not not Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but s Yeah. They'd have to be easy to use. The sign of it. Uh, no. What else can you do with a television? Uh play, pause, doesn't n need to be there. Yes, so this is your presentation. We could check the other remote controls with technical functions. Which ones were yours? Techni Ja ja ja ja ja. Technical functions. Yeah okay. Uh I think I go to have volume, mute but I Yeah. Very slow. Yeah, the zoom buttons. Yeah, b wide screen, high screen, different things you have, yeah different uh Yeah. Yeah it should be available, but then in separate screen settings or something. Yeah, screen settings, audio settings, teletext settings you have. Channel settings. So those four, and of course the main. Yeah. Yeah. Like tap screens or something or, I dunno. Something Yeah, if uh No, you don't yu a no you then you don't no ni don't then you don't use it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So you leave it alone. Yeah. Or it could be possible to have a a standard version of the remote, an expanded version. Yeah. Colours. Yeah. Yeah, then defines itself. Because uh how many percent? Eighty percent? Would spend more money if it looks fancy. Yeah. Rasta colours. Yeah, see through version. Yeah. If you press a button, it turns green. Channel settings? Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Could be possible. Or like uh you have a menu button, you press Yeah, or otherwise you have a menu button, press menu then you have uh main uh menu search uh all the all the settings. Yeah, no problem. Yep. Um, I think b because we don't have a lot of buttons on the one screen, I think the buttons Yeah, but but or like you have you only have channel button or volume button. Those buttons you can you can Yeah. Yeah, th No, no normal buttons, yeah. Maybe only the on and o on and off button. But I don't think Mm, no. No no no, because we we discussed that you could charge it, otherwise is it it jumps to stand-by mode automatically. Yeah, but a T_V_ of course, th that's the I think that's a best thing is that to implement that one in the menu with the volume and channel. No. Yeah, you tap. Touch screen, yeah then it's turn turn off, turn on. No, just the remote. A television don't have to be on, that one you can press on, yeah stand-by, then press on remote, press on and then T_V_ should be available. Or not. Separate. Yeah, but I think the re the remote control, if you press tap the screen, it always should jump to the screen which has the volume button, channel button, and of course of also the on and off button. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, if we can afford it. Yeah. Mm-hmm.
One question. Send. Submit. Mm. Yeah. I'll go first. Okay. I'll go first yeah. So. Huh? Okay, um Okay, um I wanted to explain the working design of the remote control. It's possibly very handy if you want to uh design one of those. Um well so it basically works uh as I uh uh r wrote down uh in this uh little uh summary. Uh when you press a button, uh that's when you do pr for example when you uh want to turn up the volume, um a little connection is made uh the the rubber uh button just presses on a on a little print plate uh which uh makes uh uh a connection that uh gives the chips, uh which is uh mounted beneath those uh that plastic of a rubber button. Uh senses that a connection has been made, and know and knows what button you pressed, becau uh for example the the volume up or volume down button. Um uh the the chip uh makes a Morse code uh like uh signal which uh then is si uh signalled to uh several transistors which makes uh which sends the signal to a little let. You know what a let is? Okay. And that makes uh the the infra-red lights signal which is sent to the television set. Uh which has a sensor in it to uh sense uh the signal of the infra-red. That's basically uh how it works. Um the findings uh uh that I found uh searching up some uh detailed information about the remote controls, are that uh they are very easy to produce, uh it is pis uh it's possible to uh make them in mass production because it is as eas it is as easy as uh printing a page, uh just uh fibreglass plate um is b uh is uh covered with uh some uh coatings and uh uh and chips. Uh and the technology's already available, we don't have to find out how remote controls uh have to work or uh how that how uh to make some chips that are possible to uh to to transmit those uh signals. Uh I made a little uh uh animation of about how a tran our uh remote controller works. we tel There. Okay. Uh well the sub-component, I suppose that you understand what a sub-component is, is f in this example it's the button. Uh when it is pressed down, um, the switch is ter is uh is switched on, so with uh the wire is sent to the to the chip in uh co-operation with the battery of course, because to make uh a a signal possible you have to have some sort of uh li uh a d ad uh electronic uh Yes, uh, okay. Um w after it's being composed by the chip uh the signal uh is transported uh to the infra-red bulb, and from there it signals a Morse code-like signal to the to the b to the bulb in uh in the television set. Okay. S Uh I wrote down some personal preferences about uh the remote control. Of course it is very handy if the remote control is hand held, so you don't have to uh uh wind it up or something, or just is it's it's very light to uh to make uh to use it. Uh I personally uh pref prefer that uh it would be p uh come available in the various colours, and uh easy to use buttons. But I suppose that the one of the other team members uh uh thought of that uh too. And it is possible for several designs and um easy to use b uh sorry, easy to use buttons. Perhaps soft touch, uh touch screen uh buttons because uh the rubber buttons are always uh uh they uh slightly uh they can be slightly damaged, uh so the numbers on the buttons are not possible uh to read anymore. And uh well as I said uh before th uh we can uh make several designs. Okay, well, that's my contribution to this meeting, and uh two of these this meeting. So. Okay. Hmm. Mm. Mm. Uh L_C_D_ screen as in uh touch screen? Okay. 'Kay. Okay. No. Yeah. Mm. Yeah for Standby options, yeah? Uh yeah. Two s two two digits, oh okay. Yeah I understand what you mean. Yeah. It makes it twelve, yeah. Indeed. Okay. Well, not really And and there are some models that don't uh accommodate that function. So d uh wh the Philip's television makes it possible in that indeed to uh press one and then two to make uh the uh tj to reach channel twelve. But uh all the television makes uh use of those button where you first press that button and then press two digits to uh to get Uh yeah, think so. Mm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, we we could yeah. But I think that uh that collides with our mission to make it very cheap. Because L_C_D_ screens are very expensive. A touch screen uh probably uh even more. So, true, true. But uh Well um is it possible to make an L_C_D_ screen uh, how was the information? So perhaps we should we should focus on that L_C_D_ screen. Yeah but uh will we not uh exceed our uh our uh production uh Is it possible to find out, anyway? You know? No, an L_C_D_ screen's just like uh like a drawn here. Um just uh displays several buttons, for example um if you wanted the minimal uh use b uh buttons, such as channel and volume, you just h uh displays four buttons on the screen and it's possible to p uh press them down, just like a touch screen. Yeah, we can make it possible to do that, yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's my uh Yeah. Twelve fifty. Um. Well I suppose wi if the mar if our um if the i if the young people are interested in L_C_D_ screens, we should make 'em. And if that is our d uh market share to uh and our goal to uh deliver those uh remote controls Yeah. Yeah. Mm. It's treasure. I hope we uh h and let's hope to reach those uh those sales. Yeah, can you um uh s I think that that they will send you some information about uh the cost of L_C_D_ uh screens. Uh so if you uh Yeah, so if you uh you receive an email about that, uh can you post it in the or shouldn't we post that in uh our projects mail uh folder. Because you are the the Marketing uh Expert. I uh Yeah sure, sure. Mm. It's looks fancy one yeah, of L_C_D_ screen. Mm yeah. And then not yeah. Um. Yeah. Mm. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. And there's also a A sh but in a sub sub-menu or something like that. Uh I think it's also important to uh make it possible to um how do you call it in English, uh, to not use batteries, and use ac uh bat uh batteries to uh to be yeah yeah sure. Indeed. So uh you can mount uh the the the uh uh the remote control to um to refill the Yeah. Okay, because i uh when you get an L_C_D_ screen, you run it on batteries, the batteries will be uh empty very soon, very fast. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Uh And go to standby mode when you don't use it, so that Yeah, automatically. After two minutes or three minutes, something like that. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. No, when you when you're done with s uh w uh watching your television, you have to put it Yeah sure, of course. Yeah, but But you also forget to buy batteries, and then you can you can't use it, so I Yeah. High power user cell, i uh it should be uh a standard move to to put your remote control in the charger when you're done watching television, that's also a a a great advantage because you can't lose it anymore. Because you are obliged to uh put it in the charger and not to uh leave it in a couch uh between some cushions. Okay. Yeah it hasn't It doesn't have to be big. Yeah just just a cable, or a even a a a a a charger where you can mount it on. Something like that, just u Okay. Functional designs uh for the elderly uh you could make it possible to enlarge the screen, so make it possible to not uh display uh a button at ten points uh, or Yeah but it is uh one of the functions you have to uh specify. Because we can look at uh uh perhaps uh forty buttons at a screen, but the elderly only look at two buttons. Okay. Speech recognition? Hello. Twelve Euro twelve Euro fifty. Well, spread it by a big market. Well let's leave out all the remote controls and just put a microphone on top of the television to Yeah Yeah. Turn volume up. Hey, that that's an idea. Okay, well that should it has to be remote control, not Yeah. Sure why not why not Yeah, mm. Yeah. Perhaps the options should be uh Why not? Why not? Let's hope uh to have some uh d We should do it. Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Certain systems already exist, I think. True, yeah. Yeah. This should be uh accommodated with some software, uh, uh. Yeah. Right. Swahili. Swahili. Yeah. Indeed. Yeah. So we want to uh yeah it's international uh okay. Okay. Y it should be done. If it could be done, should be done. That's not so difficult at all, because I already use on several voice operated systems, and they are all possible to uh not all, but Yeah, sure, indeed. For speech recognition. Uh yeah. S Shortcuts. Uh. Mm. Sh Yeah, just just sub-menu. Yeah. Not directly uh available. Okay. Mm. Directly available. So does it confuse uh the user? Uh. I'll search um. If you want to use teletext, you can push the teletext button and then the options uh become available. No. Menu. Mm. There are a lot of options depending uh on what kind of television you got. 'Cause if you don't got a wide screen television you don't need the uh the screen settings uh for uh Yeah and if the television does not support such uh operations Yeah. Yeah. Colours I think the main colour of the remote control is uh the colour of the L_C_D_ screen. I Because we don't want a lot a devi yeah a device self s g Okay, so use uh very uh lot of peo Adjust with phones, yes Okay. Twelve Euro fifty. Well, make it available in different colours, you mean? Sure. Red, white, blue, black. Grey. Yeah sea view, yes, Simpson's versions and Leave. Yeah. Mm. No. Uh not button Yeah sure, of course you need uh a settings button, uh or a settings option for the remote control. Just tap it. Yeah, it should be in standby mode, but A A A normal button on the remote control, or norm? Yeah, because uh when you touch the L_C_D_ screen when it is in standby mode, it should pop on. Wh uh why would it be a a need to have a normal button? Mm. I think it looks a lot more fancy if you use uh if you don't have any buttons on the s on on remote control. Oh, okay Oh. Mm. Okay. Food. Yeah, think so.
Good morning, again. All set? Good. Okay. Let's see what we can find here. Okay. A very warm welcome again to everyone. Um here we are already at our uh functional design meeting. Um and this is what we are going to do. The opening, which we are doing now, um and the special note, I'm project manager but on the meetings I'm also the secretary, which means I will make uh minutes as I did of the previous meeting. And uh I also put these as fast as possible in the uh project folder, so you can see them and review what we have discussed. Um if I'm right, there are three presentations, I guess each one of you has prepared one? Good. And um we will also take a look at new project requirements, um if you haven't heard about them yet. And then of course we have to take a decision on the remote control functions and we have some more time, forty minutes. But I think we will need it. Um well I don't know who wants to go first with his presentation. You can go first, okay. Is there an order? I haven't And one question, uh your name Denni, is it with a I_E_ E_I_E_, okay. Thank you. Sorry. Yeah, it's a little bug it's in the in the smart board. Okay, thank you. Yep. Please. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Um, well thank you all, huh. I dunno uh did everyone receive an email with uh the new project requirements? No? Well, then I think it's a good thing that I made a separate slide of them so you can all read them. Oh, well not in this presentation. Hmm. Should be in there. Well, I can tell you them uh from my laptop. Um teletext does has become outdated since the popularity of the internet. So that's uh the first thing we I think we should pay less attention to uh teletext. Uh the remote control should only be used for the television, otherwise the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time to market, and of course would make it more costly, I think. Um our current customers are within the age group of forty plus, and new product should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty, and you talked about that before. And uh a last point, but also very important, our corporate image should stay recognisable in our products, which means that our uh corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design. So we have to keep that in mind. Um well uh according to our agenda it's then time to take a decision on the remote control functions. So, who has any idea about what should be on it, and what shouldn't? Yeah. Only be used for television. Well it says only for television here, huh. Makes it a lot easier, huh? Mm-hmm. Uh well new product should reach a market with customers that are younger than forty, and now we have current customers uh of forty plus. Mm-hmm. So we're going for an L_C_D_ screen? And hoping that when we produce a lot it won't be too expensive. Mm-hmm. Okay, so L_C_D_ it is? Okay. And what else? Yeah, okay. But for now it's L_C_D_. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, and maybe you can make something fancy out of an L_C_D_ remote, because it's new, as far as I know. Okay, what else does our remote need? Mute button. Mm-hmm. Yeah, and we could make an a a separate menu on the L_C_D_ uh screen for teletext. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And maybe a low battery indicator? On the screen. So we are going for the for the recharger. Okay. Yeah, also. Okay, well I've Yeah, you have some more points. And you said something about speech recognition? Even bigger than for L_C_D_. But when you look at the percentages Speech recognition scores even higher, huh? Yeah, well, maybe because of the cost, but uh nobody knows uh how much uh it will cost uh. But would it be useful to imple implement both? On one remote? Or Yeah, I dunno. So, no speech recognition? Or Yeah, and then we have different languages. Okay, just make a separate remote for each uh Okay, so we only do this when we have enough money left. Okay. Well I've written down an an on or off button, volume selection, channel selection, uh the digits from one to zero, huh. Um or from zero to nine. Uh a digits button to switch uh between one and two digits, mute button, a separate menu for teletext, a battery indicator. Um we're going to use a docking station and uh probably L_C_D_ and if there's enough money, speech recognition. And uh the possibility to uh enlarge buttons or to have large buttons in general. Okay, so not too much teletext support, but in a separate menu, and Okay, but no more buttons or functions, or? Aren't we forgetting something very important? Ping. Yeah. And a see-through uh Okay, well that's the signal for las final five minutes. Um so I have uh the things I just read. Um then we have uh separate menus for teletext, screen settings, audio settings, and what else? Channel settings. Okay. No, we said teletext also a separate menu. Okay, but we can work that out later, I guess. So we're having a a general menu with the most used functions, uh teletext, screen settings, audio settings, channel settings, and maybe there are options for the remote itself? Like uh large icons or small icons and I don't know what else, but Yeah, but on the L_C_D_, huh? Right, yeah, okay. But we don't need a special we don't need a special options menu for the remote itself. Okay. Well maybe there should be a separate button apart from the L_C_D_, because you can't turn it on when the L_C_D_ is off. So how do you turn the thing on? There has to be a on button on the remote, huh? Tap the thing. Okay. And then the television is on also, or just the remote? Sure. Okay, well Yeah. So actually we're going to create a a button-less uh remote. No buttons at all. Okay, well that's might be a unique selling point, huh for a remote. Okay, well I guess we have to postpone further discussion to uh our next meeting, because we're running out of time. Um for now, we're having a lunch break, and then there will be uh half an hour for the uh next share of individual work. I will uh write uh minutes, if I can create them out of this. And uh put them in the the project documents uh folder. And here are the individual actions for the for the other roles. And of course specific instructions will be sent to you again by your uh personal coach. Luckily as we are. Okay, well thank you very much, for now, and uh have a nice lunch, huh?
";The project manager opened the meeting and then the industrial designer discussed the interior workings of a remote along with his personal preferences for the appearance of a remote. The user interface designer discussed the technical functions of a remote and indicated that a user centered approach to designing the interface would be preferable. The marketing expert discussed the functional requirements of a remote and user tendencies in using remotes. The marketing expert indicated that an ideal remote would include an LCD screen, would not be too small in size, and is easy to use. The project manager briefed the team on some new requirements and led them in a discussion in which the team discussed their target group and made decisions on the appearance and functions of their upcoming product. 
"Okay, welcome everyone to our next meeting. I'm busy writing and busy leading the meeting, but um I've prepared a little presentation once again um or at least an agenda I think uh the biggest part of the presentation will be uh on your side. Um we are here at the conceptual design meeting, which is hereby opened. Um once again I will try to uh write some minutes which I just from the previous meeting uh placed inside our project folder, which was quite some typing. Um today we once again have uh three presentations, if I'm right, and after that we will take a decision on the remote control concepts. And just as the last time we have forty minutes to accomplish that. Okay, well I'd say let's start with the first presentation. Um in the same order as last time? Okay. Well, take it away. Mm-hmm. Well, business colours I thought it was the the slogan and uh the corporate image, so yeah, it needs colour, but I don't think you have to make the entire thing in the corporate colour. It must be recognisable. Okay, thank you. Mm. Mm-hmm. Thanks. Now our third team member with his presentation. Oh y So for the older people, a more traditional uh form. Yeah, I guess changing colours will be easier than changing uh the shape of it. But maybe then both groups won't buy it. Mm-hmm. Yeah we think so too. Hmm. So we need a spongy feeling. Yeah. And we won't include a a pen, or something to point, hey, we we want to do it with our fingers, right? Yeah. Yeah but I think people want to use a remote with with their fingers because th they're used to that and And maybe we have to add a tissue to remove the grease from all the fingers, huh. Okay well maybe, if I can interrupt you, maybe I should uh should show some points on which we uh should take a decision. So we can discuss these points. those points um energy question mark. How how should we uh supply the thing with energy and how are we going to do it with separate docking station and then put in it. Uh chip on print and case. Those are points my uh coach advised me to discuss here, but I hope you have ideas about them. Yeah. So that's the the the first point. We already decided that on the previous meeting. Mm-hmm. Simple rechargeable uh batteries. Yeah but how did this how does that with a L_C_D_ screen? You still have a print plate. Mm-hmm. Yeah well it's a good question. It just was in there and I didn't have any information about it, but Mm-hmm. Well you need some kind of C_P_U_, I guess. Mm-hmm. Because we're projecting projecting the buttons on the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. But that's what we want,. Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah you have a fancy design, then, right away. So Okay so Yeah but I wrote it down. What about the user interface, there are also some some questions uh about the concepts I think you have some ideas on that. You you showed your drawing. Mm. Everybody's searching in his data. Yeah well I think we have we don't have to decide about that now how where we will put the buttons just the concepts. Yeah well we just heard about the new uh technology, huh? Mm-hmm. Yeah maybe at the bottom where you can can hel hold it with you hand that there's also a microphone uh over there. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Well maybe just in the the spot you just pointed out because I think it should be in a in an important position where people can see it, because it is the the unique uh idea of our remote, huh, the the speech control. Well maybe where the one hand But are we talking about the button, or about the microphone? Yeah because a microphone is very small thing, but you can make it look like it's big so as its its really an important function of the remote. So well uh type, supplements, anything. Yeah, well we already s discussed that, huh, the the L_C_D_ and Mm-hmm. And I think I would it would make even more fancy because you have another interesting thing on the side which you can touch and Yeah. Okay. Well there's our five minutes uh warning. Um any more uh questions about about the design or the user interface or different components, everyone? Everybody think they can can work for that? Is there a standard colour? Yeah. But still silver and black are well silver is new but also traditional, so uh Yeah w what about a yellow thing, I mean it could be ugly, but it's definitely fancy. Mm-hmm. Yeah I would think about colours like uh red, yellow, green, blue, just Yeah. Mm-hmm. Maroon. Yeah. Okay, so Who's pinging? You are pingin Okay. I thought we Okay, so uh that wraps it up? Everybody knows uh what to do? Well I wrote it down here. I wrote it down here what to do um. The next meeting is once again in thirty minutes. Um here are the individual actions, and especially notice that uh the Industrial Designer and the User Interface Designer are going to work together on a prototype drawing on a smart board, and of course to all four of us uh specific instructions will be emailed by our personal coach. Well I I'd say just wait uh for email and uh find out. I don't know. Okay well that was what I had to say, uh, final thoughts from anyone, or? We're finished. Okay, well thank you very much.
Mm. Alright. Hmm. It's a colour. No. You can put the R_ and R_. Alright. I will go next. Alright so I thought a little bit about the interface. Uh how it should look. And uh uh we uh determined that will not be no buttons, but only an L_C_D_ screen, so I had to uh look on that. And the design is therefore based on what we just uh uh thought of. Uh first there are some new findings and new technology for speech recognition. And this is that uh um uh uh you you ask you give a question through through the device and it answers you. And they already uh put this in an in a coffee maker. And so that it you say uh good morning, uh coffee maker, and it says t says to you back good morning Joe or what's your name. This uh and there's an easy way to uh program that uh you say record into the device into the speaker and then you say the question and three seconds later you say the answer and then when you say the question it gives you the answer. Um perhaps it's useful, perhaps for because people um lose the remote, they can yell uh remote where are you and calls or something. And perhaps we could uh implement that. And then I have to go out of the presentation because I tried to make some kind of a a idea of how it should look like but I can't draw, so uh don't make too much of it. I tried to uh the L_C_D_ screen I tried to sort of to draw. I thought uh at least uh the icon for the volume. I don't know if there is an icon for the program, but yeah. So uh and then the buttons above and uh below the and the and the mute button also recognisable as an icon. Um. I forgot that one. I thought I forgot something, but uh. And uh and uh the numbers, that should be a bit larger I think it's not really on scale and and so forth. Um an options button. And I thought the the button for teletext apar uh apart because it's not really options, I think. It's uh options is the settings of the remote and of the T_V_ and that kind of uh thing. So could call it settings or something. But this is a bit uh how I thought it. And uh the L_C_D_ uh somewhere on the remote. Perhaps we could be more curvy the remote perhaps should, so that it's better in your hand or something uh. But uh and and uh a microph microphone for the speech uh recognition if we want to implement that. Uh and then uh if you press the op options button, now we have an example of and then you should get the other options with what what you could do and that you could do with something like this this. And uh it's also uh I thought think we discussed uh earlier that uh older people don't really want to use uh these extra settings. And older people a also don't really want to use this uh th this kind of option menus. So they want to u use one button and then something happens, and not choose with uh this kind of uh And you could put in a an a really s little scrolling device on the side of your uh remote, so you could scroll scroll uh across these uh things. That's an option. And that was my uh finding dinge. Yeah. Grass green. Let's build it into a sponge. It was one remote, I think, different colours. You could you could uh change the colours, that was also the idea. I don't know which shape you should should take, but. Yeah. Perhaps you could find something in the middle. Round but square. Yeah. Uh i i if you do it uh uh square, with round corners but a little uh in the middle of it uh i Do you know what I mean? wait, like like this uh a bit. So it's a bit square, but it's also a bit uh round. So but then Same sides. But that's uh Yeah but that's also how other remotes are shaped, so that's uh But perhaps that's a good thing, so that's easy to use. People know the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Swords. Yeah. But that's easily to do with the colour, I think. That's easy to do with the colours, I think. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah think uh Also in between. I don't think you should be able to mould it, but Yeah. Bit like this kind of rubber. This uh But it's quite hard, this. Yeah. I don't think it's rubber. Uh did you have something about uh So we should first decide about shape, I think. Which uh Then you can fit the L_C_D_ screen in it, and can decide uh. Yeah it it's supposed to be bit s bit s bit Yeah. Ooh Yeah. But if you pu Now you can put your hand there and then you won't touch the screen. Perhaps that's best. But not on the screen because Yeah that's uh that's an idea. Looks a bit like a Game Boy now. You always touch it, yeah. Yeah. Y you could include a pen. Yeah o yeah, if they think it's handy to use a pen. Yeah I think this uh this is a good size for the screen. I don't know how how large the actual remote should be but a little bit like this, or something. Yeah. I think energy were batteries and then uh and uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just like with the telephone. but it should be th I think normal batteries, not not like two or two uh Yeah. Yeah. Um what was with the chip on print? Yeah. It's rubber. Yeah but but a hard rubber like this? Or softer rubber or Yeah. It bounces back from the floor where you throw it. Yeah yeah this in different colours? Yeah it's a bit. But I think it should be a bit longer, perhaps. Yeah. I think so too. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a good idea. Yeah, alright. And then Yeah, you can uh It's pretty easy but And Yeah, I had what I just uh I should again. I miss a few buttons, but. Well. At least uh what we should also have on, I just remembered, um a menu to go back through the first uh if if you touch options, you can't go back to this uh right away now. This I don't know. I think it's I don't know. I I thought it was uh easier to handle this way, but I don't know what they think. Would you like the the buttons horizontal or v vertical? Th Right well if we make it like this, I think if you put it like this Yeah. Yeah. But I think I wou I think that's a matter of what you're used to. I think I would put a plus and a min uh here. And then the P_ in the mid in the middle and the sound uh in the middle. Almost. Yeah but I think when you are holding it, you could press the minus and the plus and with the other finger the minus and the plus. Yeah but I think Yeah I don't know. Perhaps I have some examples. I don't know That's me. But I'm going to look if I've got some examples 'cause perhaps you should choose what's most often used. The 'Cause they can use that better. Yeah. I Here is our here are uh I don't really know. Yeah. Yeah but But I mean if it's usually plus or min above each other or next to each other on a normal remote. W what's what's usual or normal. Yes I'm looking here. But here's it's below, here also, and now here's here's next to each other. I think it's it's a Yeah. I think the the the volume was usually uh above each other, because you go higher and down. And the the pay the the the program is next to each other, because you would go further and back. That's how it's is usually when I look here that's what I see. I don't know. Yeah. This concept is in the actual design, but you should know where you would place a And the speech uh shall we implement that? Or uh Yeah. But then you should also find a place You could if you do it like this you could put it in a corner or something. You can talk into the corner. Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, that's also. So, in the middle or something. but you should uh decide where you want to put it. Right? You could p you could put it in a logo of the company. Yeah. Yeah. So where do you want to put it? Yeah actually it does because it you can you can find it better if you use it. It's a way for you to uh So it makes more sense just 'cause other remotes don't have that. About a microphone, there is no button. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Any more uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um yeah. Yeah the the young people do like uh scroll uh yeah. Or at least Yeah I don't know if it's really the scroll, but the menu they like most, and I think you can never get through a menu great with a scroll uh But you have it's f uh we have five or four or something. Yeah. Yeah. It's also different. You should you should have a black one because uh I think black is standard. But if you want to be different, then uh Silver. Silver rubber. But yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Just all kind of colour. Yeah. And and do we have to have a normal black one, or uh Is it Yeah. Well I don't know what to do, but. Ooh. Right. Yeah. But do we have to We'll work together, but do we have to stay here, or do we Right. Yes. Okay. Yeah I think. No. Yeah. So we have to keep talking English now?
'Kay. Don't destroy my giraffe. Drop it. Bright colour. Fancy colour. Forward. You have to go t Oh it's a side view. True. No no no no no. Just looking. Mm mm mm. Next. It's true. P_ yeah, just a P_. Where's where's the button for two? Okay. Doesn't matter. No. Okay. Okay, I'm going to tell you something about a trend watching. The trends from the past years, what the people like, what the youngsters like, what the elderly people liked about shapes, colours, material and stuff. 'Kay. The method I used was Like I told I watched the trends from the past years about colours, shapes, material they wanted uh from elderly and young people. So we can keep that in mind for designing f uh the device itself. Findings I made. The most important thing people liked last year was that the remote control should be look look fancy. The second important thing that w should be if inv in innov innovative, okay, like the L_C_D_ screen that's quite innovative so that should be great meeting for this. And the third thing is it should be easy to use. I think with only one menu, four button, channel, volume, it should also be enough for easy to use. The personal preferences for the young people, they liked fruity colours like uh banana yellow, uh strawberry red and stuff. Yeah. Like that. The round shapes, and soft material m materials like the rubber. It should be soft uh i it should feeling spongy or s Sponge Bob like things. Th Elderly people like au colours which y are being seen in autumn like um woods um dark brown, red, deep reds and stuff. They liked square shapes with round edges. And hard materials like wood, um titanium. They those kind of materials they liked. This is a bit like the young peoples like the fruity colours, innovative, all the colours you see, the blue, the red, the white, the yellow, that stuff. And then I th I I personally thought the front side of the shape should be something for the youngsters like like this or something. It's it's a bit like a banana. And the colour should be yellow, or something. And for the elderly people just plain old. Because we decided to have two kind of remotes, two designs, or was it two colours? Different colours, yeah. We should decide whether it's going to be with round shapes. I think like my colleague, you said, is that's e better, or for the elderly people something like like the iPod or something, with round squares. Simple but easy to use. So that's it. That is my Yeah, like the older o older colours I can maybe Yeah. Colours th the elderly people Uh Look something like that. Autumn colours like red, brown. They liked the wood a lot. So maybe we could give it like wooden loo look look or something in that colour. And a bit bit old school style renaissance, medieval kind of things. Those kind of Yeah, those kind of things. So you see the big difference between the young people? Fresh, exciting. And the old people, old and boring. So Sorry? Yeah I think it's it's easier to do in colour than in shape. Because otherwise we have to get different shapes, and colour way easier than yeah the shapes. In material yeah rubber, rubber is, like I said, young people like more soft materials and spongy ones and the old people like plain wood. So we have to decide if we're going to use real hard rubber, or soft rubber. Or something something between that. Yeah soft rubber which you can you can feel in it. Or No. Or or wh what's something harder. No no no but but you have to like like like a a eraser or something. That's the bit you can press it in, or something harder. Yeah, something like this, yeah. Yeah it's quite hard but you can press it in. It's feels kind s spongy. Something. No. N n n Are you going to invite Sponge Bob, maybe he can Yeah I think that's the better thing to do. Yeah w I think that L_C_D_ screen should be like Yeah three quarter of the of the Yeah the buttons won't get that small when the L_C_D_ screen is Mm-hmm. Larger I think. Yeah becau because you have Yeah okay, true, true, true true. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. But it won't get that small because you have how much? Nine ten eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen buttons on the screen. One to zero, the two digit, You have to you have to Because some fat people with d thick fingers will press three buttons at same time. Yeah true, but Yeah, we have we have the zoom option, right? Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah. Yeah. Use a pen You you c you can lose the pen. Yeah the fingers, yeah. Yeah but that that can be with plain soft tissue. Yeah, you can buy those at Maybe it's better to to include rechargeable batteries which you can recharge through the docking station. So if the badg the batteries are dead then you can re you can uh change them. Yeah yeah yeah like those. Yep. Yeah, normal plain you No normal plain batteries you can buy at the supermarket or retail shop. Yeah. Print plate. Yeah yeah yeah. You always have a print plate. You always have a print plate, right? Always, so I dunno what w what we have to decide about that. Yeah, okay. But Yeah okay, but the p print plate of L_ L_C_D_ screen is more advanced than a normal print plate, so that that's not of any discussion, I think. Mm, I don't I dunno I don't think that's Yeah yeah okay but I d I I don't know if nor o s it's quite a simple L_C_D_. Yeah, it's quite a simple L_C_D_ screen. I think they don't need that big of C_P_U_. Yeah, okay, true true. True. Yeah. We have different colours. So the shapes is something between the square shapes with round colo corners and a round shapes? No I don't think, I think it's more round than square. So it meets I think it meets more the young people than the older people. Yeah, that's our target. Yeah. Lower than forty years, I think it was. Oh yeah that that I think I thought that was a quite good Yeah. You can put it on your table with the L_C_D_ screen, you don't have to put it get it in your hand, you can put it next to you and then dive it in and. Yeah. So You can't you You can't oh, you c you can draw it on your paper and then load it on the And load it on the the user the server. Mm-hmm. Yeah, you have to go back. Yeah uh uh. Isn't it better to have the sound and the general buttons horizontal? With the minus and the plus. I think it's easier than Yeah. For sound and channel. Yeah. I think it's it's easier to have it something like Oh a button uh minus here, plus over here. A minus here, plus over here. And on here. The other buttons and on here the top. The options and then you have something like uh the P_ over here, and the sound. Something uh Something like Sh Plus minus plus uh minus. Yeah I think you're going to s you're going to use it with one thumb. Who's the usability engineering? She is. Oh. Um Oh I have that those s numbers. Or a good watch. B Channel selection. Per hour one hundred and sixty eight. Volume selection four times an hour Uh Yeah, that depends on on on the remote. I think because I have two televisions at home. One is horizontal, one is vertical, so it depends. Yeah. Depends. Yeah, lower. True. It's got to change. Yeah is it is user interface. Component. Yeah I think it's it's easy for that, where are you, but then it says I'm here. Yeah. Yeah, a microphone, yeah. Um I think where it isn't seen the most. Inside. Yeah. I i between the round of the R_. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah bu but I think the left s under corner should be the best. Where isn't i it isn't most in sight. I think. No. Actually doesn't. I think I thought the, like you said, like scroll next to the remote isn't that handy. I think it's better to just up what you'd like to do on the screen. If you want to go back you have to back button go back, if you want to choose audio settings you press audio settings and it goes to that s sub-menu. Yeah? You do like it? Yeah I think it is is faster. Becau I think the scroll's easier if you have a lot of options, but if you don't have a lot of option then Y Uh-huh. Yeah, okay, true. Okay. Okay, no problem. Okay. Um. No, colours are clear, shape is clear, material is clear. And a standard, yeah we don't no we have different colour. How many colours are we going to Black. Yeah, black I think is is the standard. Dark grey, something like this this colour or something. Yeah like like yeah. Or or silver. I think it's better to have silver nowadays. I think you see more silver than black. Yeah the the silver black are our main colours. Yeah. I think we have silver, black and between those is like I dunno s five colours between them or something. Yeah yeah yeah it'll be a banana yellow, we have. R red. Green, wood, brown. Yeah. True. Yeah, I understand. Yeah o of course. The fruity colours and the autumn colours, like red and brown, dark red and brown. No. S tough. We'll be available. No. Finished.
W sure. Okay uh welcome you all. Components design, um uh first of all uh I would like to uh uh accommodate some of those uh things I uh uh elaborate some of the things I did. I I elaborated on the concept. What should be um uh said about uh the components, uh its properties and what kind of materials should we use to uh to make uh one of those r remote controls. Uh well first of all I've uh d subtracted some of the components that is that are used uh are w w um you know from what uh the remote control's formed. Uh first of all, the case, the case, the surrounding of the of the the remote control. I would like to uh give you an idea of uh how I thought about. Giraffe's gone now. Okay um the case was is made from rubber, I suppose. There's one of the because when you use a remote control a lot of people uh will uh will uh drop their remote control and they break uh becau the uh titanium was also an option. But uh it's a very expensive material. Uh rubber is, I think, uh the best suitable uh material uh to use uh for our uh for our remote control. Um it's poss it's also possible to uh create fancy colours with rubber. Uh rubber l makes it easy to uh to to it lets lets itself colour. Uh titanium uh you have to paint it and with that uh it's possible to scratch it or uh yeah make it ugly. Uh rubber uh the total uh piece of rubber that's sor uh that's that's used uh to make the case is uh the same colour, so if you scratch it it's still the same colour, perhaps uh it's a little bit damaged. But it's a very strong material. Um I h I had an idea single covered uh curved, sorry, single curved. Uh so it's t two dimensional. I think it's uh it's best to draw oh green. Uh New. Blank. Okay. Let's make it uh black. Okay. I thought of an idea like this. Oh that. Um delete. Blank. Okay. So it also looks nice when it's on your table. So you get uh it doesn't lay flat down on the table, but it's c it's stands. Side view yes it's side view so uh I I'm not technically good at th three D_ modelling, but. Um uh it's just an idea I had so it's uh it's very uh so its also looks nice when it's on the table. Um the graphical user interface and the buttons, uh we also thought about that already. Uh I thought about uh the L_C_D_ touch screen, which is uh is easy to clean too. One of the great uh advantages of the L_C_D_ screen you just use some or uh another uh cleaning uh uh cl some cleaning stuff. And um it should be made of strong plastic and it should be bright. Well I already uh s uh explained some properties of that material and I think uh well we also we almost concluded about that uh this should uh be uh our uh button component. So uh uh that's all about uh the buttons. Uh the batteries, uh we also thought about that already, uh will be chargeable with uh uh an option for a mount station so you can uh put the uh the remote control in a mount station so its charges itself up instead of uh plugging it in or something like that. Questions,? Okay. And they should be long lasting, not uh not be empty uh in about uh two minutes or uh thirty minutes or forty minutes of use. And next step is the chip uh th the component that's uh makes or transmits the signal to the television. Uh there was an option to use s a rather simple chip but I think uh because uh of our uh highly uh requiring uh requirements, there should be an advanced chip in it with uh also the ability to uh facilitate speaker speech recognition uh which unfortunately is still in a test phase, so uh there should be some more uh investigation on that side. Uh my personal preferences uh I also overheard in the last meeting that there shou we should use uh our own business colours. That was correct, wasn't it? Okay. I think they are rather boring for um for use with rubber. Okay they should be m sh they should be in mind, wasn't it? Okay so it d it doesn't says uh to uh have the slogan? Okay okay. Well that's possible of course. We could make a little R_ and R_ on the top of the machine. Uh so they are pretty boring, I suggest, because just the availability with rubber to make fantastic colours uh and also in a lot of possible colours, so it's possible to make very uh fancy uh remote controls which peopl uh who people in which people will find they're uh interesting. And uh will buy uh them faster when they look at the same old grey or black uh colours. Uh s as I said uh before rubber is uh is impossible to damage severely imp instead of uh of course you can break it when you you when you break it in s for example with a pair of scissors or something like that, but i if you drop it it's not uh broken uh right away s instead of using uh plastic, hard plastic or uh titanium. And I personally liked uh the single curved uh remote control, because it yeah it makes sense. Okay. Well that's all about my uh my findings. Mm. Mm. Mm. Oh my God. Not just a P_. Oh okay. ... Ah. Mm-hmm. Yep. Oh okay, yeah. Oh yeah,. Mm. Okay. Go Danny, go Danny. Fruity? Fruity. Mm. Okay. Mm. Okay. Changing just the shape of the uh remote control? Yeah, s round corners, but s but square, yeah. Yeah. Yeah I know what you mean, kind of like a. Yeah. Kinda like a beer glass. Yeah. I know what you mean. It's also easy to to have to to put in your hand. Yeah. Will recognise that's as a remote control. Uh when I saw your d Oh. Huh. Yeah, kinda like old cars, uh Let's put it all together. Uh. Yeah. Soft rubber. Yeah I know what you Um. It should shouldn't be. Uh. Spongy. Yeah. Ding ding. Um I also s uh can't help but notice that you uh used an you had a remote control and the L_C_D_ screen was uh rather small. Um. ... This was your size, but I think it should be larger. Yeah, three quarters. So uh so you don't have to put your oh. Uh new, blank. So uh when you get this uh Uh kinda like this. Or should it be larger? Larger? Because you want to put your hands You want Yeah. Your thumb here. Yeah. Because when you put your f Yeah but if yo if you make the the L_C_D_ screen as large as the remote control itself, uh you'll you'll always get some You Yeah. Going to be very greasy and stuff. Yeah you don't want it too small. How yeah how large Yeah they have thick fingers. But if you wanna make it in international, Japanese uh people got uh rather small hands and we got these large Zoom opt Ah yeah of course, yeah. You can make it larger to to uh to uh with accompanying uh greater fields to push the button. Your fingers, yeah. You don't want uh Because if you lose the pen uh if you lose the pen uh you can't use Yeah You can do whatever uh any uh cloth. Sure. The docking station. W Yeah. I kinda like your Yeah you got some uh some of those uh uh wireless uh mice? Mouse. Computer mouse. Kinda like those kind of batteries. Yeah. The chip on print? Um Uh you gotta f Yeah. I think so. Chip on print with a with a simple uh a sim not a simple but a We also discussed that. Didn't we? Uh Beg your pardon? Yeah sure, of course, yeah. Well uh chip on print, I think what they mean uh with the regular rubber buttons that you got, uh it's always clear for the remote control when you press uh a certain button. But when you got a L_C_D_ screen, with no uh with not the buttons are not always on the same place, for example if you enlarge a button, or if you got several options uh appearing on your screen, uh the co-ordinations aren't always the same. When you got a regular button, th the button of stand-by is always on the same place and you got on the and on the Yeah. I suppose so. It is a simple C_P_U_ but it doesn't Yeah because it has to uh b Yeah but it the the remote control has to know whether you're in a settings menu or just uh you just want to turn up the volume. So it has to have some kind of a calculation unit or C_P_U_ to know uh in which state you are and uh which button you are pressing in at the right moment. Yeah. And a touch screen makes it uh possible to uh to get the co-ordination of your finger on the screen. And the case, yeah we already discussed the case, we wanted to make it from rubber and uh Uh hard rubber I think. That's the easy to ha uh to to uh Yeah. Yeah sure, look. D It's our main target. Well and how about my idea uh of making it um with one single curve? So i Because it's a gadget and you want to show it off, of course. Uh. Because it Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot easier. So, so you got uh Did you write that down? Uh got a single curved uh rubber f uh fancy coloured remote control. Yeah. Sorry? Depends on the screen. If you make the screen vertical it doesn't matter. If you make it uh in a rectangle I so it's it's it's it's Square. Oh, okay. Uh. Take your time. W We'll leave that to the usability engineering then. Yeah. Consistency. Yeah. So not how much n not how often it's used, but Uh. Yeah it does it doesn't really matter, but Uh. Okay, um. Let's cut to the chase. Okay, well le Yeah. Interface, yeah. Technologies, uh. Yeah. Makes it possible to Mm. Not even necessary, because a lotta you can make a very sensitive microphone, so it makes it possible to uh just put it arou uh underneath it or on the on the bottom of the uh remote. Yeah. Right. But that's not import I think that's not im very important because yeah, it doesn't matter where the microphone is. Ah okay, sure, okay, well tha Underneath? Indeed. It shouldn't be uh very uh visible. Yeah sure, why no Yeah but it doesn't makes it uh any more fancy because you get to see uh Uh. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well put it there. I don't mind. That doesn't doesn't really matter. Okay. So? Interface type. The L_C_D_ yeah, uh supplements well the supplement is to yeah. Hey,. Use the scroll. Yeah I think so too. So why not, on on side. Fast, yeah. So if you've got a settings, if you Yes. You have a lot of options, because when you use Yeah you get w when you use uh the settings menu for example to look up some uh uh some channels on your uh on your television, you should scroll scroll down uh on a menu which probably does not fit on your screen. So then it's uh very handy to to scroll down, you make just a rubber just like uh on your mouse or. Just put it on the side and it's very easy to use. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, what's the standard colour? I I You got you got different colours, but you should have a standard colour. Black? With the with the yellow uh Just a regular uh remote colour. And then have uh different covers uh to use. Silver, yeah. You see a lot of t uh silver televisions. Yeah y I think it's better to Yeah th yeah. That's right. But if you use uh silver, uh rubber s silver rubber isn't fancy. When you use titanium, silver is fancy, but when you use silver rubber, it isn't fancy. Silver has to shine, and rubber doesn't shine. Especially when it's made of soft rubber like this. You understand? Yeah. Fruity. Fruity loops. Okay. You ping. Well not what to do. Not what to do. Look. Okay. Thin I think we should work. Thank you very much.
";After the project manager opened the meeting, the industrial designer discussed his preference for making a remote which is single-curved, made of rubber, contains an LCD, has a docking station to recharge the batteries, and uses a simple chip. The user interface designer discussed how speech recognition could be useful to users who often lose their remotes, the layout of the interface, and the option to include a scroll device on the side of the remote to access a menu containing extra features. The marketing expert discussed the results of trend-watching reports and his preference for a banana-like remote for younger people and a traditional remote for older people. The trend-watching reports indicated that products should be fancy, innovative, easy to use, in fruity colors, in soft and spongy materials, and in hard materials in autumn colors with square shapes with round edges if appealing to elderly people. The team discussed case shapes, color options, types of rubber, and dimensions. The team then made decisions regarding energy sources, components, and the remote interface. 
"That's new one? Yep. Yep. Big microphone. Oh okay. That's the place where it's going to be, not the size. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Of course. Mm. Mm, th yeah. Small. Shit. 'Kay. Evaluation. 'Kay, my task was this time to put up a questionnaire by which we can evaluate the design of the remote control by the questions we requirements from the of the users. My name, my job, okay. The methods. Questionnaire with seven point scale from one to seven, from true to false, like question, is remote big enough, we can say it's true or it's false by steps. One means absolutely not true, seven means true. The three important things of refa are uh from th of this year is are, is the remote control fancy enough, is it in innovative enough, and is it easy enough to use. And then evaluation itself. Uh. So. Okay. First question. Is the design fancy enough? Project Manager, what do you think? But does it Yeah. Think. Yeah, yeah, you can. Isn't going to be a little bit heavy at the top? With two batteries, the whole print plate and t and top, and if you're holding it quite a lot I think Yeah. Yeah, we have to rate. Is it fancy enough? True is one, false is seven. So fancy enough means, does it comes to the younger people and the elder people. I think Yeah, I have to agree, all the colour colours don don doesn't matter that m that much now, it's only design. And the design. So A two? Yeah, I n used I wouldn I should use that one, but it doesn't Okay, no it's two? True is a one. Very true, is it very true or isn't that true? Yeah, I think two. That's fancy enough. Then? Okay. Let's give it a two. Is it innovative? Enough. We have for the search function. The scroller a bit I think it's it's a one yeah. True. Also huh uh-huh the buttons, are they easy to find? That was a big requirement of the old people. Are all the buttons easy to find? Not only this buttons, all the buttons. I think th it's easy t Yeah, I think this is easy now. I think th I think the options buttons are not the the easiest way to to to handle. True. I would rate it a Yeah, okay, that's true, that's true. But that's that's vantage of L_C_D_ screen, you can have text. Yeah. I think it's a three. I personally think, because I d I don't think i maybe it's easy to use, it has to be easy to find right away. I I think if you have the button at the right, I don't think you can find the option button that easy. You can touch it. Yeah, okay, but you have y then you have here s written option on here, the teletext button, right? Okay, then okay, good. Then I think also two, yeah. Yep. It's easy to use, as well for younger as elderl elderly people. Young means sixteen to forty years. And elderly from forty eight to their death. Also if you're sixty years old Also Yeah, as well as your if you're fif sixty years old, you're holding one of those things in your hand No, but we're going to th make this f for a all kind of people, so it it it has to be If you read the manual, always. So Also two? Not a seven for this? I would also say three. Remotes overwhelmed with buttons. No, that that's that's yeah. Tha that's a one, I think, that's definitely a one. No? Oh yeah. Yeah, I think isn't, this has to be something like isn't overwhelmed. True. Remote control has uh colours that different that meet different target groups. Yeah. That's true. Also with rubber? Yeah, okay. Yeah? That's a one? Okay. Uh I have The material used is spongy, that that's uh that's a one, that's m rubber. Yeah, I th think it's not the most spongy thing. Yeah. Remote control is hard to lose. Y you can't you can't lose it if you're sixty years old. If first time see the thing you didn didn't adjust uh set the microphone, and then you lose it, then you have lost it. It isn't hard, no. I think I think this is a two, personally. No. Isn't hard to lose. Yeah. You can't lose it. Or if you're you're sixty years old, your demands I think yeah, I think also. Huh? Yeah? Oh, okay. No. Okay okay okay. Remote control mainly be sold to younger people. Yeah? True? Very true? No, I don't think very true because the colours. We have the colours. Um we have the buttons is aren't that that much. Nah, the material isn't that So I don I think I think it's a three. Yeah, but I uh Okay, okay. I think because yeah? In the features? Because younger peoples are cr critical and they wanted a lot of features on this thing. L_C_D_ screen and scroll. I I think they'll be quite met with their expectations. No. It's three features, basically, the L_C_D_ touch screen is feature. The microphone is a feature. Yeah, okay. I think yeah, and then you have the audio settings, channel setting, video settings. Yeah yeah. So I've chos I shou I think it's it's it's a one. Personally, yeah. I think once you've 'cause you have the channel features b uh you have the uh screen features, audio features, the you have all buttons on it which you'd like, microphone extra, L_C_D_ screen extra, scroll thing extra. Make it make it a two. Or make it uh a fucking two. You can see the remote control is R_ and R_. Has oh yeah, do did have nah y you have the black one. And we'll probably make also a yellow one. Maybe two. X_ marks spot. And the menu is avail that is available is easy to use. Yeah, tha that's so true. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah, uh I think that wou that would be quite hard to learn to use it. No, I'm not not convinc. Let's go th for I think it would be a t yeah, two. Now lower. So okay, we have one three, a one, that that have to got up. Two two two two two. So two, yeah. The average is a two. That is quite good in my opinion. That Ooh. Ooh. Top. Okay. Yes. No, it's two. The average is two. Yeah, I uh uh I uh saved it. f fifty five Euros. No. Yeah mm yeah, maybe. The microphone. Yeah? maybe you're going scrap scrap it. No prob. Ah. Count it? Li like write it be Ah, okay, cool. Huh? Yeah? Oh, yea yeah, you design it. Um Yeah. Solar cell. No it took a battery? Yeah. We have No, we have sample speaker. But b al but we also have sample speaker, do Oh, we already on nine. We have double curved. Single. This one is This one is curved like this, right. It's curved like this. Yeah, bu what Oh, but we have curves like it and it. There are two curves, right? Oh, okay I understand, I understand. Rubber. Push button. No, we don't have push button. L_C_D_ display. Eighteen and a half, damn. We have to lower it with six points. Twelve and half. We could use I think we should scrap the sample speaker. It's four pri it four units. But w d wha Curved then it will be square. Was that does that mean to it, single curve? Okay. Yeah, but tha that that only is one. No, one. So we don't Yeah, we also have to No, otherwise we don't have an L_C_D_ screen. Single curved. Flat. Yeah, so that does doesn't doesn't that mu I think Scrap sample speaker? That that's uh Yes, four points. Yeah, but what what else what else uh do you want to scrap? F You have to we have to scrap four points. Ma make it with wood instead of rubber? Yeah, it it i Yeah, it also uh it also takes one point less. Yeah. I think it is. Yeah. Yeah. Sample speaker. Yeah, okay, three. Point three. Huh? Point twelve. That's a scroll wheel. Yeah, but a wood we can make it brown, dark brown, not wood. Is it also no that that's just normal colour fruit colours. Normal colours, yellow Yeah, but then I d I don't think we can ever make to a twelve and half. But then we have to scrap L_C_D_ display, we have to scrap uh s advanced chip. No then we have to scrap everything we got because how many colours we gonna make? Five? Then we have two. S touch. Then we can make add two colours on it. Yeah, two colours it. They can add two colours. But the colours. Um how ma uh the colours like l she told, is that all the colours we add or Yeah, but we we we are we have yellow, red, uh black, titanium. Ah okay. Yeah, but the rubbers alls original black. Yeah b Yeah, but we're gonna make it yellow uh red, and then you add you have two special colours on top of the one we have now. Yeah, but m Yeah, because we have more colours than only black. I then I think I p I don I don't think they me mean they're special Yeah, okay okay, true. True, true. We have two points spare. Nee one point. Mm yep. Y yea the scroll wheel is dropped. Yep. Tap. It should've work. Yep. just tap somewhere. No? Evaluation drops. And erase the mic. Looks like a iPod. Oh. All I need is mic. Station page. I think we it should be b it would be better if we worked a little bit together. Now we worked through each other, something he said yeah, and you had information I also had, so some some things I had in my presentation, they already told, so So yeah, that I don't think that is the best way to work at for such project. Yeah, no, or maybe session of five minutes together or something, and then work separate. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah m yeah, like she told. Then you can work together too by mail or by, I dunno, chat, something, but now we're completely separated from each other. I don't think that was the best way, but Yeah, the technology's okay. Yeah okay, but I don I do I think becau that's because Yeah. Yeah, like the f like a plotters or something, yeah. Yep yep yep yep yep. Yeah, it is useful, but No. Yep. I didn't use it at all. I didn't use. No yeah. It is it is yeah, it is easy for to design something and then load it in your computer. Yeah. Yeah. It's b bi little bit too big to write. Yeah. Fat document, those. Team work was okay. Only thing that we worked through, past each other. With some things that was only problem, but Yeah yeah yeah, but furthermore better. That's yeah, no prob. Ah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Little bit uh lo yeah. Too late it it it took a lot of time before you got your ema yeah. I played I think seven times Solitaire something. Wha Oh right, it is there. No, I I never got that. I always N yeah. So does this I think lik oh and information was a bit low I think, sometimes, in in in in the beginning I didn't understand what what to do. Yeah, like I with with the remote and I never new we have t we had to uh yeah made a made a rec a remote control. Yeah, so So, yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Faster. Yeah. Yeah, it only costs four units. Uh yeah. Um Yeah. Nothing. I think we got it already. Yeah. And furthermore the the the network was okay. Everything you loaded was also av available there. So Yeah. Yeah, but that It's now half past four half past three, so Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Mm-hm. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. No prob. Mm-hmm. I think you do. Can you find it as a J_ PEG? No. In uh Celebra Or shouldn't I? Six hundred. No, I yeah. I think eight hundred six hundred is better. Yeah. Nah, name. Hey. Oh my God. Ten. Yeah. Ten. Uh. Celebration time, come on. Peace out nigger. Entree
Beep. Oh. Uh, we should save that one. Yeah, save in the folder. Save as project. Oh, okay. Hmm hmm. Agenda. Oh, sorry. Okay. Get up stand up. just 'Kay. View. Just example colour, so uh there's one of the colours we would like to uh see in our prototype. Okay? yeah, just uh just an idea about how to m th that could also be possible. Uh well, it's an idea in a so. Do not forget it. To function it it doesn't really have to be sm uh big of course. The microphone could be just a minor uh hole uh on the left uh button. Okay um we also made some uh ideas about how uh the options menu would work. Uh using the scroll button on sides uh y uh I uh um Yeah, you push the scroll button and a drop down menu or a pull out menu comes out and uh you get uh you get the options uh becoming available. For example uh T_V_ settings, uh remote settings, et cetera. So uh you can scroll down too with the scroll uh button, uh as you can see oh, it's here, just push it in, uh the menu comes out like this and uh i it all becomes visible. Um Yeah, that's c Yeah. Indeed. Okay, um it's also uh nice to see that um we made a small uh menu, uh the options menu uh becoming available when pressing the uh scroll uh button, and the opportunity to use the teletext, whi which is used uh which should still be used and we think that it's uh very handy to put it uh not uh under the options menu, but in uh Yes. In an apart uh In a separate button, yeah. A sign, yeah, just like Okay, indeed. Okay, we can uh modify that later. Okay. Would you like to make any comments about next uh Previous page, yeah, indeed. Oh my God. It's quite large. Okay. You can see very clearly now that the uh teletext and options menu isn't uh taking uh much uh uh it's taking much part of the screen, so it's very uh when you uh when you use it, doesn't uh become irritating to see. 'Cause if you put it on the top you always get see the the options menu. 'Cause people regularly uh read from left top to right down, so Okay. Huh. Full screen. Alright. Huh. My name, my job. Sorry, you used the PowerPoint What? Bling. Now uh the single curved idea was uh Yeah, okay, you ge um Yeah. The sideways view, uh that that that ma Ho not that pen. Not that pen. Suppose so. Ah. Oh my God, it works. Yeah, that's the single curve indeed. Yep. That's not very i it's also uh very handy if you make a side curve way to make the the remote control very thin at the bottom uh at a bottom at a bottom. Uh make it uh rather thick on the top, because uh on the top it has uh the screen, which takes uh in some uh space, and the batteries can be located over there, so uh Yeah. No. Yeah. Okay, indeed. Yeah. I think so. It's pretty fancy. you get th Yeah. It's true, it's a one. Very fancy. It's very true, because we designed it to be very fancy, so It's very fancy, I think. Have you ever seen a remote control like this? No, okay, so so it's fancy. Yeah. And uh uh the scroll is rubber, so s Eno enough to I think. Huh. With the ones Yeah. Take a harder look, yeah, sure. It's easier than the regular uh remote control. Yeah. Yeah, they are a lot easier to find than uh th than on the regular remote controls where you have to uh find out what which sign or icon means on uh every button. So you have t you have to use the the the manual to understand most Yeah. I think it's uh it's a two, at least. It's not perfect, but A three? And why is that? It said bo both the options. Yeah. A two, a two. Uh the next question the next question. Oh my God. Yeah, I was uh Yeah. I think it's the most useful uh remote control ever to be manufactured. Yeah, but because it has the regular uh controls, li uh as you can see in the screen now, and uh you don't have all the other options uh always uh on your screen. So it's t I think it's really easy to use. You want these options to Uh sure. Perhaps that is one of the most uh Uh because a lot of Channel one, channel four, yeah. Yeah, I think it does. Because all the people who can't uh Uh a two. Sure, two. Oh. Two. Give me more. No. That's definitely our uh A false, yeah. Yeah, indeed. Yeah, is optional. Huh. Yeah. Yeah, it is it is harder to to like Geez. We're getting paid. We're getting paid. Uh. Yeah, it's a three, because you want to make it uh rather flexible but not too flexible, because it has a L_C_D_ screen. Hard to lose, yeah it sh and it's easy to find. Isn't hard to lose. Isn't hard to lose, yeah. Yeah, this this is hard to lose. This Two, yeah. And most all because of the option to Whoa. Uh. put the cor cursor on the. Click. True. True. Uh yeah. Uh Materials, yeah. Uh okay. So ma uh make it make it a two. A two? I think it's two. I think it's two too, two too too. Well perhaps not. Well, n not exactly but uh uh if it had some games on it or something like that, but it's for a remote control I think it i it would satisfy those needs. Yeah, the speech possibility, the colours. Scroll options, yeah. Yeah. The easy volume up button. Remote younger people usually use the remote control to put on the volume. Turn uh turn up the volume. Two. One two three. Right. Uh. Okay, true, yeah. I think it's easier to use than a regular remote control, because when you push on the options menu, you get the the the various options uh entirely explained. Entirely explained. Instead of uh just finding out what an icon means on a button. Yeah, you can navigate. Uh. You're not satisfied, okay. Let's start over again then. A two. Oh yeah, I think so. Yeah. And three. The average. Yeah, I think so. Save. It's a fly. Oh m Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. It i It wasn't too much. As well as the L_C_D_ screen. Whoa. Count it. You got Excel to count. Oh okay. Well I dra uh Danny, Danny, I'll do that, because I draw the uh No, no solar cell, no no no no. No hand dynamo. Hand On advanced chip. Yeah, yeah. Single nee single curved. Double curved was uh uh see uh ju three dimensional. But it isn't three dimensional, it isn't curved in a l No no no, single curved is like this. Uh that's the only curve you made, not th uh curved like that. That's uh Huh? Yeah. Yeah, we gotta integrate scroll wheel and push button, because when you push it and you w it won't just pu uh makes possible to s Not going to work? Okay. Okay um But now button supplements. We don't got the button supplements. Damn. Okay. Nah. We could lose the scroll wheel. You could make it just a regular scroll wheel. Yeah, if you can't push it you have to tap the the options window uh button here and then uh scroll down with the d with uh with uh the button. Normal scroll wheel. Lose Okay, so we don't exactly need the single We don't need a curve. 'S possible to lose curve. Okay. Yeah, that's meant with scr uh with s curve. The curve is uh in a dimension. If you make it a flat one, s n it's no curve, you got no curves. Yeah, okay. No, two. Oh, okay, indeed. Is it possible to make No. The sample speaker is two d wait, f s four points. Yeah, uh becau uh when you lose the Yeah. No, that's no. Make it w uh when you made it uh uh uh a remote control of wood? You don't make a remote control of Ah. It isn't. What? To knock the sample speaker, yeah. And sample sensor. But m yeah, course, but What we'll have. Let's make it thirteen or fourteen. A colour. Yeah, special colours, fruity colours. Yeah. Yeah. They don't sell green rubber plants. Alright. No no no. If we lose the scroll wheel and make it totally uh depending uh dependent on uh the touch screen then it's possible to make. And then you can and then you can add to the colours. Special c Okay, if you lose uh if you lose the You lose this one, you got eleven point five and you make i and then you can make uh the spec single curve, for example. How d uh uh how many colours? Special colours, all the colours you want, because you want to make p Yeah, but uh when you use more than one colour, it's a special colour. I suppose. Yeah. Nee we we also want to make ano another colour. Yeah, indeed, yeah. You don't need four of those uh four of those special colours in one in one remote. Hmm. Yeah, single curve. Uh. Huh. Okay. Undo, undo. Undo. So, 'kay. Twenty minutes? Okay, so you had this list at start? Alright. When did you receive this list? Ah okay. Ah okay. I suppose this is a Okay, so we lose the scroll wheel, the s And the microphone. Okay. Strange. You can only re erase? Oh. Uh, no. Bling. Ah. just up somewhere b uh besides it, right. Uh, we already try. All I need is no mic. Bon chance No, add Yeah. S Difference between lines and text and the pen. Huh, looks fucking boring now. Deadlines were sometimes very short. But And stressful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but but why not work here together, for example? Why should we be separated from each other in those difference uh different rooms? Yeah. Huh, oh right. But the technology was uh fantastic. Work now? Perhaps it is e Yeah, perhaps it is easier to get one of those uh dig digital pens or so and to uh and lay it next to that keyboard over there. So you can draw uh see it over th on the screen. Yeah. It's useful, but not m Because when you put this pen on the screen uh uh for exam and line is d being drawn at at two or three centimetres uh below. Alright. The project uh because of the deadlines you didn't had the time to uh have, you didn't have time to uh to make a very uh qualitati qualitative uh presentation. So you used uh this uh the different PowerPoint presentations uh in which you put your uh material in the Oh. Wasn't me. But I didn't I uh I used it too, but oh well. Yeah. Yeah, because it shou To make some designs, it is very easy. Yeah. But to write it th yeah. Yeah, it's too big, it's too fat. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Not too much, not too too too too. Yeah, or the room for it was the idea to be creative, so You got some standard ideas in your head and this what came out. Yeah. The information uh was sometimes uh a little bit too late or Yeah. Was searching and searching. No, w I didn't know Make a r yeah. Yeah. No stepping on the table and then looking at the internet page. No. Yeah, more information about the costs. First of all I didn't think uh that we were able to make an L_C_D_ screen uh first point, but uh it was possible uh uh, yeah. Yeah. Uh. Faster laptop. Uh. They were they were just fine. Uh. Right. Yeah. Mm. Yeah, sure. Oh thank you. Bling. You're fired. Mm. You cannot you can save it. You s uh file save as the J_ PEG J_ PEG. No. No. Okay. In about five minutes. Ah. Oh thank you. Whoo-hoo. Let's let's have party. Let's have some fun. Huh? No that uh is one thousand twenty four. Yeah. If it browse. Desktop. Mm? I do not know. Oh? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Oh. Oh.
What? Yeah. Yeah. We didn't make any uh Oh in Didn't we just do that? Oh. Hmm? We could. Oops. Yeah. Well uh we made a prototype. We first start with the overall uh This is about the total remote control. We made it green. Yeah. It's a fresh colour. And uh the screen light blue. Oh uh this the scroll button and the microphone on the on the sides here under. And the R_ and R_ logo, it just says R_ and R_ now, but uh Any questions so far? Yeah. Yeah. Oh y you perhaps you should make it a bit big, so people know it's there and uh Uh Hmm. You push the scroll button and it's claps out if there's a Remote settings, et cetera. Yeah. Yeah. And you could also touch it so that it comes out, and and use the the the scroll thing as a with your fingers. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Perhaps we should use the teletext sign in p yeah. Yeah. Forgot. Uh well, this is the total interface uh that f of the L_C_D_ screen. Uh the numbers, which is pretty straight forward. We put ano an an extra button in. We can erase it, but It's the button where you can switch channels. just when you are one and you go to two, you can or if you go to five, you can go back to one with that button. Yeah, that one, yeah. It has a name. And uh uh we put that in, I thought it would be handy there. Uh this the one number or two numbers button. Below that, the page and the sound. And uh in the middle the the mute. Uh battery indicator. It's it's a bit big. And this is the uh the on off uh knop, the stand by uh knop. Or at least it should look like it. And the options uh of teletext. Huh. Yeah. Well this about it, I think. Yeah. I will put it back on the on the nice green. That's the logo of the Yeah. It's th th right now it's only R_ R_, but uh Yeah. Sorry. Oh full screen, yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well Yeah. It uh oh it's in the background. Oh. Y you should make uh a sideways uh view. It will be, I guess. Oh, we can Oh g I would smart board. Uh can I draw here or uh Ooh. So it would be uh something like this from the side, but with a bit of uh curve here, right? Yeah. So if you v flip it like this. Here's yeah. Yeah. So you just make the back of this part a bit bigger, so that it lays a bit o Yeah, that's a bit of problem maybe. Yeah. I think yeah, the battery should be in here, because it's just nothing, so if you could Yeah. 'Cause otherwise I think i I think it does. I if you don't make it green, then the elder people won't won't like it. Yeah. I think it does. Yeah. I don't know whether older people will use it, but I would make it a two or something. Yeah. Huh? Alright, it's a one. Oh it's a one. Yeah. But it's a one uh Maybe uh Yeah. Well they think it's very true, but uh Yeah, but We should perhaps That not. Yeah. I think it is, because it has an L_C_D_ screen, a mi microphone. It's from rubber. Yeah. It's a one I think. Yeah, because they're right on your screen. So you can use the b the the arrows. They're right on your screen, so I don't know where you'd search. Yeah. Well, I think they are. The options are it uh little bit harder, but if you touch the options then it's uh No they're not, but they're they're they are easy to find. Oh. Yeah. I would say yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can make it a two. Yeah, but you don't have t have to use the button on the right. You can touch it. Yeah. You you can touch options. Yeah. You can touch options and it's comes out. The uh the um Below. It's different. For young people I think it's easy to use. Yeah. I think it's In the entire mankind. Yeah. Yeah, but uh Yeah, but they they don't want the uh extra options, right? So Yeah, okay, but so they could Uh I think it is. If they read a manual. Yeah, alright. Because it it's not it's not it's it's not uh difficult. You say you say uh record to to the to the speech recognition, then you say the question and the answer. And that's everything it does, the speech recognition. Yeah. I think it would make it uh I would make it two. Yeah. Three? Oh. You? Oh. Well Two and a half. Three? No. No. But um I mean, that's definitely one. Oh nee, oh seven is it? It is. Yeah, uh the remote score. It's not overwhelmed. Yeah. Yep. Yes. 'Cause we make them in different colours, so that they uh Yeah. That it that it looks like wood, like something, yeah. Uh I think you can. It it feels like rubber, but Well but then when you scratch it it does come off. So that's a bit Oh we have time. What? Yeah, yeah, it's very spongy. Oh but not it's not very spongy, because it's hard rubber. I think it's a three. Hard but Yeah. You can break it. Yeah. Y yeah, you could you could call it. Yeah, y you can lose it, but it isn't hard to lose. Two. That it's hard to lose? Yeah, it it is there's the it's a six, you think? So it's a two. Yeah, you can lose it, so I don't you can make it a three I It does have an a built in function. Nee. Hard to lose. Oh right. It is hard to lose. Yeah, so then this is it is almost true, so a two. Ooh. Oh. Oh well, it doesn't. I think it will, yeah. Uh well I a a two. It's it's much more younger. Yeah. I think it's a two but Two two two. Let's make everything a two. Younger people. It has What did Yeah. Well that it doesn't. Yeah bu but I think they like the speech. You could call to your uh yeah, and the screen, yeah. Right, that that that those are features. No, aren't the features the microphone's feature and that you can change the channel's feature, and that you can change the volume is feature, and that you can change the options of the remote, uh uh something like that. Yeah. Those are features. Enough features? Yeah. I think two or three. Yeah. Yeah uh a two a two. Just another two. We like two. Yeah, there's R_ and R_ in front. Uh it's not the colour, so maybe you should make two, but it has R_ and R_. Yeah. Yeah, but not R_ and R_ yellow I think. One d on i it's the colours and the I think it is, but I don't know what you think. And you can navigate easier, because wi with the you have to push the the the arrows and with a normal T_V_ uh remote. Yeah. Let's make a different remote. Well Menu. A two? We only have twos. Uh just twos. One three and a few ones. Two threes. We m mostly have twos, so it's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. I think so too. We can be happy. Yeah. What is it? It's like a bug or something. A fly, yeah. A f butterfly. Yeah. That's it. Sure. It's good. Yeah. Yeah. Redesign. No. Yeah. Yeah. So we're going to erase features or something. Do you have the cost or uh Let's hope. We're going to be here at eight o'clock. We're goin still going to be here at eight o'clock. I doubt it. Perhaps we've got features that don't exist in the Excel sheet. No, it was in my uh my information, so uh Yeah. Well, if it doesn't work I want to fill it in, but uh But you should uh direct The number of We've got a battery, one or t two batteries, or not? nee one battery, with two small batteries. Yeah. I would do a battery we do. Right? A battery. One battery, right? Electronics, simple chip advanced chip, right? Yeah, so this one and this one. Uh we ha we have um single what? Are we? Oh yay. The single. Oh the the it's not going to work uh people. We have rubber. Thirteen? With a scroll wheel, right? Is he integrated? No, eh? I don't know. Oh yeah, right, we want it to it's not it's not no. Yep. Fifteen, oh, too bad. Oh but with special colour we have. A special form, right? Oh, we don't have any buttons, so Yeah, we need to uh No, uh we have fifteen and oh, right. We could lose the curve. Yeah, I would lose the curve. But you can't push it, so you have to tap. Yeah, alright. So normal scroll wheel? And I think we should lose the curve. Yeah, but if you would i it is a new feature, it it's something special. No, the curve doesn't really No, then it will won't uh stand up from the table. Then it would just Yeah. So We would lose this one? Yeah, we could s yeah, a bit. Sixteen point three. So we still Could could we do it on a regular chip on print or something? No? Ma y you just can't do that, or uh We changed th Yeah, and the single curved to uncurved. No. Yeah, but it's t Yeah, but it is uh it it is a new feature, it is something special. I don't know. Yeah, that's difficult. Yeah. Uh. We could make it titanium instead of rubber. Oh. Oh can I ask something? What is special colour? Is that the wood uh wood uh this, we have to have that one too? Th then we still have too much if we use the uh Yeah, we we scrap that one? See, a po three. We need point three. Uh it's a colour. Don't make it wood. Make it uh Yeah, but it's it's special colour, is it a all kind of colours? It's also green or uh Yeah, but it's a special colour than just rubber colour. You have to add something to the rubber to make it green. You don't say here's green rubber. Yeah, you can, you should you have to lose No, it is the scroll wheel, I guess. A push, yeah. Switch colours. It was such a great idea. What do you mean? Oh. But I think when you use the colour that's not originally the rubber then you use special colour, 'cause you have to add it. Yeah, so you always lose the special colour. You co you could make it always black, like normal remote. Oh right, yeah. Yeah, we should u Yeah. We have to make this like four or five or something. That's what it means. Yeah. Oh right, yeah. Is it per remote? Yeah. Yeah, that's right, and you one colour per remote. So then it is one. No. One. So it would be curved, single curve. Or not? So y you just can't make a nice remote. It's too bad for the speaker. Should we change that tha that that's a one if not, or not? Could you copy it? And make it uh The entire uh Perhaps you can then copy page or so. Ooh. No. Oh you you made the entire could you Oh not Well. Would you? By the Perhaps you can save this one, and then copy or something. Add it copy page. Select all. Alright, something went wrong. It doesn't work. Let's forget. Yeah. Oh ignore that. Well, so Too bad. Yeah. The microphone. Yeah. A and we changed something, I guess, or not? We Oh no. Yeah, I tried to copy that one, but it didn't work. So we could fix it like tha that it's like this. You could select it all, but then you can't erase. Erase. When you saw th li uh Earlier when we selected it, w I couldn't erase anything. Just tap somewhere. Yeah. I don't think I can, but uh we can try. Oh, yeah, no, ha-ha. Yeah, we tried it earlier. It's very much work. Yeah, goodbye mic. Oh, I already erased half of the line. Too bad, oh. Like this? Still looks nice. Oh, that's erase. Yeah, that's a bit weird. Oh, now I'm line. Yeah. No, it's weird. Yeah. Bu but stressful. You think, no, my presentation isn't ready. Yeah. Yeah, you had information I didn't have and then uh Oh right. Yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, you could Yeah. I think so too. Yeah, but then you can work together too when A chat would also be uh Well, I I don't really like the board, it doesn't really work great. Sometimes I think. It does work, but sometimes it doesn't erase or it doesn't uh Yeah. Yeah. But Well it is useful, but it doesn't really work all the time. Th the pen doesn't The line is a bit off. Yeah, you can point to where you want the line to be. But Yeah. Yeah. I I I used it, it it was you can use it, it's quite handy I think. Yeah, I used it to y to Yeah, it did work pretty well. I don't think why you would want to use it actually, but it it does work. Yeah, and then you can show it to everybody. It doesn't really write normally. It's a bit Yeah. I think it was great, yeah. Yeah, but it was because we didn't uh Yeah. I thought it was good, but uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well. Yeah. And you get get stuff from the from the computer, but Yeah. You just sit there for ten minutes. Yeah, where is that email? Oh did you? Is it on there? Is it on there? I didn't find the didn't look but uh I didn't look, but I got like one email after ten minutes or something. That's what we said. And it not a lot uh No, the first one. I didn't know uh nee. And I didn't know what to do for the first ten minutes before we got here, so I went, right. Yeah. Just looking at the screen and uh Yeah, an Yeah, that will be handy. Yeah. Yea uh so tha actually you could make an L_C_D_ screen but no mic, or it could make mic but no L_C_D_ screen, when you look at that. Yeah. Uh, I dunno. Think that's about it. Hmm. Heavier um less heavy laptops. Yeah. But that's not really uh Yeah. Yeah, everything worked. Yeah, but it's just the the off hours between that you will work alone. Then it pops up pop up screen came. Five minutes in the meeting. No. Huh. You did? Well Oh, right. Well Yeah. Champagne. Yeah. Do we get another email? I I think we have to fill in a questionnaire again, but We do? Yeah. Uh th that that one? You can just Yeah, but it's it isn't a picture or, well, is it? No, isn't possible. But you can make a screen shot, I think. Yeah. Uh oh, export. Images. How big do you want the images? Yeah. This one? This one? Um Well it isn't on the desktop. You can only save it in my documents. Oh. Oh, alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Three. Can we stay here? Yeah. Yeah, alright. Why can't we stay here? Yeah.
Good. So well uh welcome everyone. Um as you may have noticed I uh created separate folders because it was uh tending to get a little busy in our uh shared project documents uh folder. I don't know if everybody uh put their own uh documents in the right folder, which is for now the detailed design meeting. Yeah. Then I'll move this one. Oh no, this is just one big document, so you can leave that wherever it is. And we have a evaluation left here. Okay. Well not main documents this time. Oh uh yes. I have it open myself I guess. Um well the detailed design meeting Huh? We're finally getting somewhere hopefully. Um what are we going to do? I've opened it already. Um I'm still going to take some minutes, and if I'm right, you two are going to give a prototype presentation? Aren't you? Yes, you are. And uh m did you do something with evaluation criteria? Good. And we have a correct agenda. And uh then we have to look at something which is less nice, the finance uh aspect, whether we can afford what we have designed, and if we can we can uh commence the final part which is the production or project evaluation, how did we work together and what are the results, and how happy are we with those. Okay, well finance uh will be later. Now I'd like to give the word to you two. So a separate button for for text, okay. Mm-hmm. Thank you. Looks good. And I just missed when I was typing The R_R_ stands for? Logo, okay. Okay well I would have recognised it if it were the right colours of course. Okay, the evaluation criteria, huh? Well it's looks fancy, especially with the green colour. And the the curves which we decided, huh? Only what happened to the single curve we spoke about last meeting? Well it might work one time, huh. Okay. Okay, but we have to rate uh these things now? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well I think uh especially because of the microphone and the L_C_D_ screen also. Very new thing. Well Fancy the old people will. No, it's a two. Little bit strange we have to judge that ourselves, huh? Well I'd say two on a scale No, okay well, that's true. Okay, one two. That doesn't matter that much, so make it a one. Yeah m Yeah, and you use these buttons the most, huh? So So which So which number are we going to fill in? A two, yeah? Two, three and what do you think? Okay, so we have two, two, three. A two, okay, because we have to It's the box below it, huh? Otherwise we have two results in one question. Okay, next question. Okay, you're very enthusiastic about your own design, huh? As well for the for the older people? And would it be easy for them to use the speech recognition? Because that might Yeah. Okay, well M maybe that's the most user friendly and easy to use. Yeah, well maybe that would make it even more easy to use for them. I'd say three. Okay, so we have three three two two or So what are we going to do? Okay, a three, I see. Uh Another question. No. Yeah. Yeah, but I think you should make it one scale with with one being good and seven being bad, because otherwise we can't uh calculate anything from the results, so Okay, a one, because we designed for that, huh? Yeah. Yeah, and I though w we had about single colours, but you can also make uh a wood colour, not just one single colour but a wood-like thing, can't you? Whether it looks like wood, it isn't w it isn't wood but You can make a print on rubber, can't you? Yeah. So that's a one then, huh? Do you have many questions? Oh, okay well Yeah, but we have We also We have to get to the money. What spongy. Uh-huh, yeah. Yeah, so isn't hard to lose you. Yeah, but a har A hard to lose is good. So it should this question should be hard to lose. It's difficult to lose it. A two. A two. Okay. Yeah, it's okay. That happens above also. But maybe when you scroll away and back it will be normal, but Yep. Oh, it isn't, well okay. Remember. There. Well I think it's it's uh a lower number, so better because w we designed it for young people especially, didn't we? What do you think? Questions? Two. Uh-huh. Dissatisfy younger people. Um Yeah, but those are more fancy functions, not not really many features or something. It has relatively few features, with Yeah. Ours had other features with Okay, you think one, what do you think? You. three, yeah. I'd say three, so two it is then or Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, maybe maybe two. Well m th but the logo is on on the front, so a two, yeah, that's Oh, well that's that's pretty good, huh? That was your evaluation uh show, okay, so we don't have to calculate anything because of um these results. Okay, good. Um let's see oh, it isn't asked to save but it did already And this Everything okay. Well, the next part uh might be a little bit difficult to do in a group, but I am willing to try it. Because we are going to look at the finance and I have a nice Excel sheet to do that. And um I'm not sure if I put it in the project folder. look on that. Um and we're going to calculate the production costs, and if they are uh under or at twelve Euro fifty, we're good, and if they're not we're going to uh re-design, but we have to do that uh very very quick I think, yes. Um I don't know if I put the Excel sheet in the n not in the folder. I think it's I think it's still in my own documents folder. Oh shit. So Okay, well this is it. Um maybe I could ask one of you to uh fill it in, so that I can also uh take minutes, and uh maybe the other can uh use that thing to count uh numerous functions. Well we have to count some things and we have to think about some things. But you have to fill in this column, huh? No, uh count uh number of functions, because for every button you have to pay and there are different screen shots, so or different different screens, so Yeah, but it's it's more about the energy source, huh? Do you use a hand dynamo, a battery, kinetic or solar cells? We'll wait. Yeah. I'll just fill it in. Um rubber indeed? Yeah, I think that will be our best bet. And what did you change? You changed the uh scroll wheel and Oh, but it's just one point, so maybe you should should uh Yeah, you should you should drop the speech recognition. And then you can keep the curve. Or can't you? Or make it on a hand dynamo, but I don't think that will work. Yeah, mm-hmm. Yeah, but uh a wooden remote control only helps for uh old people we discussed, yes? Yeah, but it's only a half. But I think the only option is to drop the uh sample speaker. Yeah, but isn't it per remote that you pay? Half? I think you pay half per remote. So each remote with a special colour. I hope. So the battery, we have um advanced chip on print. Because of thing Yeah, well you can at least make it curved again. Because that was very important, huh? So it's curved, it's still that so we we dropped the speech recognition together with the speaker. We dropped the scroll wheel. And the rest is the same, huh? Am I right? Yes. No, but you c yeah. Okay, but this this new remote we can afford. Hmm? No, I hadn't. I just received it. They don't work so hard at the finance department. Yeah, and that's it. Twelve Euro fifty. Um and did you try to make a new design, or what were you trying to do? It didn't work. Hmm. Strange. Oh, you can arrange Hmm, can't you then just say copy? New page. Paste. Yes. Select none. Okay, and now you can erase. Well it should be possible. Oh no. Well you can draw over it with white uh pen. Oh. Yeah. Sorry. Well but that's also useful for the evaluation, because I think uh we have a prototype now which we can afford and uh we only need to draw a little bit to get a good uh design. Doodle. And I think we should then move on to the production evaluation because of the time. Let's see, we can save this now. And move back to here. Mm-hmm. And then all green. Okay, well thank you. Oh, no. Hey, but you can erase that. Uh-oh. Right. And you can't erase this? Hmm, strange. Okay, well uh just leave it at this and quickly save. Um and then we are going to the project or product evaluation. We just did our project evaluation. Um well, I think I can sit for that since it's almost my final slide. Um what did you think about uh the process? How satisfied are we? Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. And you could ask things. And for me it sometimes was a surprise who was going to present what, huh? And uh Yeah. So you would say uh communicate during our individual uh work. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, probably to simulate the whole working uh process, huh, th you can't have a meeting uh for several weeks. No. So you don't think the SMARTboard is is really useful or Yeah, so it's maybe a bit unnatural also. That wasn't me. Uh so um the means, we discussed the smart board, and what about uh this digital pen? Yeah, well I use it as a a normal pen and and and only you use it to uh get it on the computer, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, um and what about the teamwork? Yeah, well I think so too. we Yeah, but that was it was our assignment, huh? Okay, and maybe I should walk out of the room when you discuss uh this point, the leadership. Yeah well, okay. And creativity? Well, when we look at this I'd say we have been creative, huh? But There was room for You did? Well, I didn't have time for that. At some times I Sometimes I received like like five emails at at one moment, and then I even got spam. Or something like that. And I was working and working and work Okay, well um but after all we can say uh we are satisfied, but it it could've been uh better. When we get uh when we have we would have gotten uh more information. Yeah. Yeah, that was a bit mean to put it in the end. And uh what were the other points to to improve this whole process? Yeah, they're pretty heavy. And so more time uh w might have improved the the quality of work, is what you say. Okay. Okay, so more time during the individual work phases. Um okay well uh I just got my warning for the last five minutes, so I'll move on to I guess my last slide, yes, which is the closing. Well uh, we managed, but we did it very quickly. I don't know if that's the best way to when it isn't is it when it is too expensive to quickly re-arrange it and say, okay, this is it, but we had to do it, huh, because we have to have a design, and that is within the budget. And we evaluated. Maybe we should re-evaluate uh the product, but we did that before, and we also evaluated the project. And I think uh everybody's uh very happy. At least I am, with the results, so uh celebration, well, for the three of you, because uh I have to write the final report now. But uh well, thank you very much for your co-operation, and I had a very nice day so far. Okay. Um Yeah I have t I think we also have to go to our own rooms again, but um well I at least. But maybe you can try uh to make a screen shot of this, so I can try to include it in the final report. Yeah, maybe. wants to, but at least this one. I know, we should remove this, but it won't h Okay. And uh please put it in the project folder then, huh. Okay, well I uh I hereby officially close the meeting and uh I hope to see you uh soon. Well, I think we'll be a bit a bit longer, but okay. Well, happy celebration, huh? How big? Uh not too big. Whatever you think is good.
";The project manager opened the meeting and then the user interface designer and industrial designer presented their prototype for the remote which featured an LCD screen, a scroll button, and a battery indicator. The marketing expert conducted a project evaluation of the prototype. The team found the remote to be fancy, innovative, fairly easy to use, available in different colors, fairly spongy, difficult to misplace, and targeted to younger people. The project manager then led the team in calculating the production costs of their remote. The team had difficulty in meeting the the target cost and had to eliminate some of the more expensive components they had hoped to include in their design. The project manager then led the team in an evaluation of the project process. The team found the project stressful, the equipment useful, the information available to them lacking, and their laptops to be slow and heavy. 
"Hi. Oh yeah, we have to talk in English, huh. I'm afraid I'm a bit slow for this stuff uh. I'm afraid I'm a bit too slow. I don't know how much preparation you guys did, but not a lot. Mm-hmm. Not yet. Operations. Different pen widths, how do you do that? Oh okay. Are you serious? I in the file option menu. How much time do we have to draw anyway? 'Cause I can take forever on this. Is this part of our a acquai or introduction to each other? Alright. Uh. Your line broke. I'm guessing a turtle. No. I'm kidding. Because of its shell. Dude you're a good drawer. Do you have a turtle pet? Uh okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Stumpy stuff. They kind of l look like mole legs. With sharp nails on. A little tail maybe. Uh no. The little holes maybe. And why did you choose this animal? Alright. Alright. Colours were under format right? Let's see. How am I gonna do this? Um Mm uh. Not quite actually. No. Aye. It's a cat. Not quite yet through. Uh yeah I dunno. They're my favourite pets. Uh I have colour already. Yeah I'm not so good at drawing with this kind of st Oh shit. Um Excuse my language. I don't know how to draw its face. But you get the idea. It's a cat. It's my favourite uh pet animal, 'cause they're cute, they're independent and cuddly, I dunno. That's it. Or do I need to use more colours and Alright. Yeah. So we have to s Yeah. Mm-hmm. I guess so. Yeah. True. Well I started making an overview for myself, um what I had to do, 'cause we have three design steps and in every step I have a s specific task to perform or whatever. So I had to uh, I dunno, make an overview for myself about what I have to do, and kind of let it work in to get ideas about well how I have to fill it. Well I started I started with the first phase, I think was the functional. And uh let's see I had to focus on the working design, which you said. How does the apparatus work? And well I basically had two points. Uh according to the coffee uh machine example, I have batteries to supply energy, and we ye use button presses to activate or deactivate certain functions on the T_V_. And that's basically all I have so far. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I kept it global 'cause that it activates or deactivates specific functions, 'cause I wasn't thinking yet about that. I mean, you wanna ch ch flip the channel but you might wanna use teletext also. I dunno what the word is in English. Uh Yeah. Obviously. Whoa. Is that you or alright. Alright. Alright. Well no I'm just a bit wondering what we're gonna do the next uh session? Yeah okay. We'll do our best. I am gonna work on the conceptual design already 'cause yeah it's fairly important to know what kind of components we want to put in. Do we I mean, is it gonna be a multimedia control centre? Do we want to be able to use the video recorder with it? Yeah. True. But but we need good communication about this stuff, 'cause I have to f put the components into the design. So if I don't know what components to put in, it's kind of hard. Yeah so Okay. Yeah I I know what you mean, but you'll ne need several other buttons for a video player. You need a play and a forw fast forward and a stop function. And you you don't need that for a T_V_. And and for a t uh teletext you need additional buttons as well, so I kind of need to know what we uh need. Whatever, I'll just put my ideas in uh in here and then we can discuss it with the next uh meeting. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yeah. I understand. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Thanks. Alright. See you later. What the
We're the first. Marketing Expert, yes. Yes. Bling bling. Yeah. Right. Uh where has my screen gone? Hmm. Yeah. My screen is gone. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Very nice. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Draw. Alright. 'Kay. Don't take up too much space. Should it be one Giraffe's yellow. Can you use one blank sheet per drawing? Or so y you must save it at the end and then Okay, then m make a new one. It's more like a dinosaur. Uh. Some leaf to eat. Yeah. Thanks. Yeah. Uh Yeah. Alright. It's not that fast. Yeah. I see. It misses the spot. I say good guess. Uh Because it's slow. Yeah I was a bit slow too. So Uh some other line uh width uh No. I dunno. Does it have legs? Yeah? It's more like a tank. Yeah that's fins but I don't know where. Some spots. Ah some eye. Yeah that's a fr friendly turtle I guess. Yeah well I think it's uh fair enough. Right. I don't know what the position is. Does it have ears? No. Oh okay. Can you erase ears or Yeah? Alright. Eraser. So I dunno. I it just came into my mind. So there's no particular reason I pen. Yeah. Well I'm guess I'm done. That's my turtle. How to select the next or here. Yeah. Here you go. A fox yeah. Firefox. A cat who had an accident or Yeah. Okay. Great. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So that's very common. Yeah. Yeah. Uh well from a marketing uh perspective, um well the function des design phase uh consists out of the user requirements. Um what needs and desires are to be fulfilled? So there are a few means to reach that um by by doing research uh to see what existing products are there out in the market. I mean, what functions do they have. Um especially what are their shortcomings? Are there any new functions uh which can be added to our product? Um therefore we have to to do some internet search. For example for um well what kind of applications do current remote controls support, and what are f featur features of uh current and future televisions? So we can see uh what needs to be supported. Um and we can interview current users and future users. What w what would they like to see uh on a new remote control? Um especially for future users, uh I'm thinking of early adopters, because they they use new technology first, and they play with a lot of tools and stuff so maybe they have some good ideas to uh to add. I think I can get that information, yeah. So yeah. No n not specifically. More to how to get them and Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. From the other end of the room or something? Yeah. Any more points to discuss? Alright. 'Kay. Thanks. Yeah. The pro okay. Yeah. Okay. Uh. I guess so. Yeah. We're just working the three phases. Okay. Better make it Yeah. That is my question also because like new new functions Requirements. Yeah. Yeah. Unit. Yeah. Yeah well I I was Yeah well like l li like some like some some remotes who are out there, which I know, there's one button which is very easy to switch between devices. So you can switch to your video and then the same buttons control your video. And another function I'll think of switch to your media centre, because that's getting very popular. And then use your Windows media centre under your T_V_ with the same remote control. So with the switch, one single switch S Yeah records and stuff like that. No. Yeah. Yeah. In the project uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Half an hour. You're fired. No. Alright let's move on. Yeah. Yeah see you later. Well good luck.
Mm uh. Mm. We're the first ones. Move to the meeting room. Okay. Hello, good day. Yep. Kick-off meeting, wow. It's uh looks uh nice. Hmm? Yeah. No, it's it was uh not enough. I did my best. Okay. Um yeah. It's a giraffe. Yeah. Okay. Uh it needs some uh some yellow uh Oh format. That's some spots. No. Okay. Do I have to explain uh why I chose this uh this animal? I think it's a it's a great animal. It's a it's a giraffe. Yeah, that's a Um Okay I'll will give it an uh an eye. Hey. Come on. The next? Yes. Here you go. Hmm. 'Cause it's so 'cause it's green. No. A rabbit I think. Kangaroo. Fox. Mm. Okay. What uh what uh do you want to discuss? Yep. Yep. Yeah. Wireless uh huh. Uh it's uh some buttons for for the on off function. You d you already told that. And for the changing up to the to all the channels and changing the volume. That are the the basic options for a remote control. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Yep. I got some uh requirements it has uh it has to be user-friendly. Uh really easy to use buttons, not not uh very small buttons, but not the the also the big big buttons, but just normal buttons. It has to be a small unit. It has to be uh yeah, you can take it with you uh everywhere in in your house. So it has n has not to be l yeah, gigantic uh machine. Uh and a and a good uh zapping range. Uh the distance uh from your television to your uh remote control has to be, uh yeah um yeah, quite a big distance. It has to be capable for zapping uh Yeah. Okay. Are you going to put the the notes on the Okay. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Do we only have to to do uh phase one, the functional design uh? After that we are going to the conceptual uh Okay. I would first m Yeah. I I think we have first to start with the basic functions and we can uh expand them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah it it has yeah it has to be user-friendly. So it's hasn't it's yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Can we leave now or Mm. Okay. Good luck.
Mm. So you found your spots. Okay. It's called black. Okay. You see this beautiful presentation. Okay let's get started. Uh I sort of prepared this. Uh opening acquaintance, tool training, uh how to use the things here. Uh project plan discussion, and yeah then the rest of the meeting. Um we're supposed to develop a new remote control, that's both original, trendy and user-friendly. So, hope you have good ideas. I don't. Um we're work we're working uh from top to bottom. Uh functional design, then we do some in individual work, then we have a meeting to discuss the results, etcetera etcetera. And at the end of the day we should have a prototype drawn up. Uh we have available the smart board and the whiteboard. Um uh we should take some practice. I have some instructions now to do that. Uh well you know how to the documents work. So Uh this for toolbar. You see it next. Um we have a pen. And we can use this pen to perform. Yes. So It doesn't always work. Yes. Okay so you can draw. Okay and in the format menu you can select colour and line width, etcetera etcetera. Okay? Uh Okay. Each of you can uh take some practice and you should draw an animal. Uh you should explain Uh with different colours and with different pen widths. And you should explain why you draw that particular animal. So, Julian. Uh with the format menu. And use different colours etcetera. And what's that supposed to be? Oh yeah. Oh yeah four legs. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah you can press the next button, which is uh yeah. I'll show you. Yeah. In file menu. Yeah. Yeah. What is it? A giraffe okay. Yeah I see a long neck but Okay. That's nice of you. Okay. Yeah pretty good. Uh could you press the next uh Okay. Then uh. Yeah sorry, introduction and get acquainted and That's the idea, so Yeah it's a bit slow, so Yeah. pressure. Why a turtle? It's slow. You were slow too so Yeah sure. Yeah not exactly legs but More like fins or Yeah. Yeah it's l looks very friendly. Yeah okay. No. Yeah yeah yeah. There's a a gum, gum to. He said it was slow. I like it. Okay. Your turn Niels. The next yeah. Makes new paper. Yeah. Orange. Kangaroo. Dog. Cat. It's a cat. Why a cat? You have some uh? The pen, yeah. Sure. Yeah. Alright. Okay. Yeah. I think it's okay. You get idea right? Okay um we have a financial aspect to this project. Um we can sell them at twenty five Euros. Uh the aim is to reach uh uh to sell as much as fifty million Euros. Uh that's quite a big amount of money. And the production cost should be the half of the selling price. Okay now it's time for some discussion. Uh Yeah. We should get started. Uh I'm taking notes. Um we each have a specific task, as I saw in my mail. I didn't know if you received the same mail. Yeah? Okay so the um uh this industrati Industrial Designer should produce a working design. Am I correct? Okay. Uh the User Interface Designer should specify the technical functions. Right? Yeah? And the Marketing uh Expert should come up with user requirements. Uh did any of you already do some work on this part or Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And do you have any ideas about the product uh so far? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah I got another point. It uses infrared light to communicate the signal to the T_V_ apparatus or stereo. Same I believe. Uh and what did the Marketing Expert do? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yes. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. And you can get that information? Okay. That would be very handy. Um but have you any idea so far as what uh the user requirements are? No? No okay. Yeah? Of course. Big, mm-hmm. Uh what do you mean by that? Okay um Well I don't think I have anything more to add at the moment. Um I think the best is to go to work. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I think we can go ahead with what we have. I will summarise the things we discussed and put it in the project folder. Uh the use of the Industrial Designer can work on the working design, etcetera etcetera. And it seems you get more information by email. So that was it for me. Uh Yeah, in the project folder. Yeah. I'm writing very fast. Hope it's readable. Okay um anything more you want to add to the discussion? Yeah. Because then we have a Yeah. Y you do some individual work, we have meeting, individual work, meeting. And at the end of the day we have a final meeting. And then I have to prepare uh I have to defend our design, so make it good. I depend on you. Yeah? If you can mix it it's okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think that is the user requirements part. As to what they want. Uh do they want all those functions on that small Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah I understand. You can always add a few Yeah. Hmm, the C_D_ player. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. You need additional yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. Yeah. We could just start with the assumption that's only for T_V_ and video. And um reserve the possibility to add other features. So we have a basic starting point and you can always extend that so make sure it's extendible. Yeah. Th the least amount of functions possible so it's easier to get to know how it works etcetera. Yeah? Okay and uh I'll see you again uh when the computer tells us to. Yeah, you're di dismissed. Not yet. Okay. Let's see what we got to do. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
";When the meeting begins the project manager lists the agenda and then describes the project, which is to develop a new remote control that is original, trendy, and user-friendly. The group practices using the smart board by choosing an animal to draw and then explaining why they picked it. The project manager goes over the product budget and they proceed to have discussion. They each identify their individual tasks during each phase based on their role in the group. They briefly discuss characteristics of a desirable remote, including medium size buttons, small unit, and work within a good zapping range. The team again discusses their individual responsibilities and move on to ponder whether the remote will be multifunctional or only for the TV. They decide to first assume it is only for TV and video, but allowing the possibility to add more features. They close the meeting upon establishing what each person will do. 
"You all saw the newsflash? Or you got the same message? Yeah sorry. Yeah. Yeah I received an email so I thought I I can't mail you so I thought I'd just drop it in the folder, but Is it unlocked? Woah. I uh kind of opened it. Uh Okay. 'Kay. Everybody ready? No no no. Yes yes yes. Okay. 'Kay. Can we get started or is there some pressing issue? Oh no pressing. Did you plug in the power cable when you come back? Yeah. That's difficult. Yeah. Yeah. Format save. Yeah. Oh yeah sure. You have Playstation also? Huh. Okay. So there we are again. Yeah. Okay this is the agenda. Um we have three presentations, I heard. Yeah really. So who wants to start? Yeah. Uh this is you? 'Kay. Yeah. often. Next generation does. N not used anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Not by mail. I receiv the mail but you don't. So That's in the presentation, so Uh below I believe. Yeah below forty. Mm-hmm. Our current customers are in the age group forty plus. And the new product should reach new markets, which is the customers below forty. That's in a newsflash. Yeah. But it also needs to have corporate identity. Present and the colours. So we can't change much of that. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 'Kay. It's open already so you can use to find yours. F_ five. Go Jurgen. You pressed alt F_ four? Oh great. Yeah. Uh maybe you can do it from your computer so talk us through it. Yeah. That's nice. F_ five. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. The mm yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So n it's very easy. Now yeah it's okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah so maybe you can hide them or something. Yeah you make a screen menu or something. Mm-hmm. Yeah and the other oth other uh functionality is the screen. What does the screen do? Yeah. It's low power. So what does the screen do? They said they needed it but what does it do? What do they want with the screen? Yeah that's what we make it up. So but what did the marketing No. Yeah okay it's handy. With no predefined uh We're back online. Okay. Mm-hmm. Content and form. Yeah. That was the end. Okay. Uh which one is it? Technical functions? This one? Functional requirements? No. You didn't put it in? Or it's not really English. Uh kick off. Oh working design I got it. Here you go. Just uh press uh yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm. Design yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah decoder. Blank. Yeah okay. Work harder. Yeah. Uh 'Kay. Um for those that didn't see yet um the basic new requirements of the management were no teletext, only for T_V_. Uh it should be designed for a use g uh group below forty, but I don't think it's w wrong if we can uh target the current customer group as well. And uh the corporate identity should be clear in the design of the remote control. And we have to decide on the functions, and on the, let's see what was it, uh the target group. We have to make be clear what that is. Yeah users. Yeah so I think it's easy but Yeah it's below forty so we can decide where to Okay. So below forty is okay. But we need an lower level which to s uh focus. So is it from sixteen to forty? Is it from twenty to forty? Is it from thirty? Yeah? 'Kay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Design. Mm. Mm-hmm. And maybe y Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So is you should have a menu for all the the functions you don't use regular and which are Yeah. Aye yeah. Shall I uh Yeah. It's okay. no, it doesn't have line control, so Yeah we get the The remote, yeah? Basic. Is on top. Which should be easy, easily reached with the thumb. T I s should said right. Because yeah. Mm-hmm. Do the also with the thumb. So it should be a little bit longer so that you can put your uh thumb, also reach the middle. Or you should screen at the bottom and then you can see it very clearly. You you need to be able to hold it so Yeah. Yeah okay that's true. Layout. That's for the I can't help it. Yeah. Man. Yeah okay. You want the normal piece of paper? And you have a pen? Yeah? Mm-hmm. Uh. And the for flipping up and down. Yeah. And left to right. And those can also be used for the menu. Yeah. Yeah okay but this is function so if you can use them for multiple things For the menu. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but that depends on where you put the screen. But it's essential that there is a screen. Yeah. And for the speech uh recognition part, if we want to incorporate that, we need a microphone. Yeah. This would be uh No that's not s sure so uh we need a display. Yeah. Yeah they're used to it. Mm-hmm. Yeah but then it's possible that you cover it with your hand so I think that top is the best option. Yeah okay. Depends on the sensitivity of the microphone, but I think that's okay. Volume. Up. Channel up and down, and the control of the advanced options. So maybe it, we should decide what advanced options we want to put in the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah so sounds? Yeah and they're They're not used often so Yeah just Yeah sounds. Yeah. Of course. I'm just a secretary. Coffee? Treble bass. Uh Pitch I believe, yeah. Yeah. Yeah and mono stereo. Mm. And also the tuning part? Yeah programming. So channel programming? Mm. Yeah. Contrast yeah. Mm. No. Uh, so contrast, bright, uh And the others were in your presentation right? So I can just copy those? Okay. It's easy. Yeah the button options and the L_C_D_ options. Indeed. Yeah. Yeah you have basically a button menu, which you can use directly, uh according to the old principle. And the L_C_D_ options are activated by some some software options, thats communicates with the infrared uh decoder yeah. So you You have an additional processor and and software part. Compared to o Mm-hmm. L_ s Yeah. Colour. Yeah I I call it contrast. Yeah I make it c colour. Yeah. Yeah and automatically um Mm-hmm. Yeah so I've g channel program is autoseek? Uh name a channel, or Oh they get automatic names, okay.. Yeah. Yeah but can you also say I want f uh Veronica on the channel number uh five or Yeah. Yeah. How do you call that? Channels? Yeah. Ninety nine or something. Yeah. S swap channels? Can I call it that? Swap's good option. Okay. Uh other functions? Mm-hmm. Okay. Well that's 's up to uh Mister User Interface Designer. Also. That's you're Yeah but also, which buttons you have to press to get a certain result? And the working design was to specify how ph the physical interation between the components was, as I believe. No I don't think so. But I think the communication with the television is difficult. But that's not our part. We don't have to design a protocol so No that's the Yeah. So but Um The User Interface Designer can design a menu for all these function I put them on the. Yeah. Yeah I can. I'll just try to reorganise uh things. Um So you design the basic function menu for the L_C_D_ screen? Uh um I think th I think the yeah the layout of the screen and I think you can concentrate more on the button placement and the placement of the uh screen itself on the. No I d I think that's more in. Yeah. Okay. So he's layout and you're function. Form function okay. Yeah. I think i that's your department yes, because w he already knows what Yeah. But we're not allowed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and also make clear which buttons to press to get certain result, because that's always the difficulty. Every device has its own Menu okay. Yeah. Mm. Back. Yeah. Yeah but they're incorporated? Up and down is Smart? Put it on top. Mm-hmm. Well But that's uh J Jurgen's department. You just make the layout. You do we do the extra two buttons or not? Yeah. Yeah okay. That's true. And to, okay and back, also. And of course the four arrows. But those are still y doubly used. Both the L_C_D_ Yeah. Menu button access the menu in the L_C_D_ screen. You can navigate. But you can also navigate the channels. And the volume. Those are both both yeah. Oh five minutes. Light uh Yeah sure. Okay. Um Anything else? I've Volume. Well we have those buttons. We use all four. Yeah okay go ahead. Yeah that was already decided. Okay that's what we decided earlier on. Right okay. So yeah I wanna close down. I have to, sorry. it's not because I don't like you but yh we have lunch break, and then we can work for thirty minutes, and I have to write very fast to make the minich min minutes. And then uh we'll see I don't know. Nobody told me. No I th believe there's first lunch break. Yeah. Or you can just Yeah? 'Kay. I think you can put uh the laptop back in the room and 'Kay. Yeah it's a lot of pressure. That's okay. Oh yeah. I don't know if it works but it should be saved. Yeah. It's uh Should be here. Smart board. Don't know if you can use it but Yeah. I try to organise it by these three. Yeah yeah yeah. I don't really mind. I just put the minutes here and we'll see. Yeah that's in the functional design uh folder. Yeah. Yeah that's just basically what I just showed. Yeah. Yeah I got it by yeah. I'm gonna get kicked if I don't do it so Make me proud. Yeah. I believe so. just ask.
Yeah I I just saw it one minute ago. When I uh Yeah. Yeah pretty much. Mm. Yeah that's my presentation. Mm? Oh right. Ooh. Well Alright. Huh. You read the newsflash? Hmm. What? Hmm. alt delete.. So it doesn't draw the attention away. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I had a whole idea and then just was typing it and then oh. I have to do that so switch. Mm. By your humble P_M_. Yeah that's fine. We have to start it right away? Functional? Yeah functional requirements. Alright. I'm gonna talk about functional requirements. Um Well uh some research has be done uh has been done. Uh observing of one hundred uh subjects in the usability lab using a remote control. Uh and they also filled in a questionnaire. The findings were um, well you can see them for yourself. They disliked the look-and-feel of current remotes controls. Users think they're ugly. Um they do not match the the operating behaviour of the users. So they they d they don't match what they want to have on it. Um they are often lost somewhere in the room. Um it takes too much time to learn how to use a new remote control. And they're bad for R_S_I_. I don't know uh how a user can reach that but okay. Um there is also uh was also some research on uh the most relevant and and and irrelevant uh f functions. Uh most irrelevant and less used were audio settings, mono, stereo, uh pitch, bass. Um screen settings for brightness and colour and stuff like that. Um but they are used. I mean the Yeah they do need to be on the on the remote control. I mean if you can't control the the sound settings I mean if you dislike a very uh loud bass or something, you you need to change that. So um yeah we have to. We c we c Yeah I mean w we can't my my T_V_ has, but we we can leave them uh away. Uh most relevant, uh most used functions, uh they speak for themselves I guess. Uh power button, uh channel, volume selection. Uh teletext but we can skip that because I saw the newsflash, and teletext is so outdated that it it's i should not be used uh any more in the future. So forget this one. Uh channel settings, so for programming uh your channels in in the right order. Yeah, on on the project uh No so it's a text file n in the project folder. So teletext can be skipped. Um there was some research on new features in a remote control. Uh about an L_C_D_ screen uh and speech recognition. Well we got an update for the for the audience. Or the the the targeted group. So it's above forty I guess. The new product? Or below because that's pretty relevant. I thought I read a Yeah? Below? Okay well that's that's in the newsfla okay that's a good to know. Um because you see see a clear distinction between the age groups, concerning the features. I mean uh above forty people are not so interested uh not so interested in a screen or speech recognition. Uh but below that age they uh they pretty much are. So I think we can build that in. Um Yeah well we can skip this part as well, because I thought I read above forty so we could skip the features, but we just have to build them in because uh they find it very interesting. Um well we have to keep all the classic functions but make the buttons as user-friendly as possible. Um and and also there's so not only the design of the bus uh buttons but o how you can push them, and stuff like that. So the physical uh aspect of it. Um And I think and certainly for for the for the lower age groups, uh nice design, which uh does not make the remote control in your room. It's it's actually a part of your interior, of of your design in your room. So it's the people can say, well what's that, well that's my remote control, so it's d it has to look nice and feel nice, and and have all the functions that uh Yeah so the the logo has to be uh present yeah, and the colours as well. Yeah so but I I don't think that's that's a problem because the thing has to have a colour anyway, and most of the times there is a brand present on it. So I think that's not gonna gonna affect it very uh very much. Well that are the the consequences uh on a marketing uh part. Yes.. Yeah. Just yeah. Sure. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah and and and marketing research stated that that that kind of users are not afraid of of a lot of functions. So not not too much but yeah. And the speech recognition yeah. Yeah from age of sixteen so yeah. Mm. Yeah but uh the the newsflash also stated that it should control only one device, only your television. So w So there are not extra options in this case, but uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well what what we can do with the screen is is all the the configuration options, you can put that in the screen. And the and the yeah screen menu to to to uh to do that, and then the basic function just on the device itself. So it looks very simple and all the advanced features are hidden in the screen, uh with a clear menu. Uh. What are wh What. Yeah well it yeah it didn't it didn't say what they want to do with the screen. Well I, my guess is it's it's pretty handy for advanced uh advanced functions. Yeah searching for channels, programming them. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can improvise right? So we we can go for So we can go for the look-and-feel of the the left example, and then a screen on top of it. Yeah. Design? Yeah. Okay. Yeah frequency. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah we want to incorporate in uh into it. Mm. group of users, or because it says below forty I mean. I guess that's that's the tar yeah uh or male and female Uh six the marketing research started on s on the age of sixteen. Sixteen to twenty five, twenty five to thirty five, thirty five to forty five, something like that. So um How do you mean? Uh sixteen to forty. Well I I guess people of sixteen are are quite used to technology. So they they adapt to it pretty soon I guess. Yeah. But uh all incorporated in the screen or or just on the remote itself? Yeah like like you have a visual of the of the brightness with with a kind of sliding bar and a bus and and stuff like that for sound and and vis and and visuals? Uh you can make a if you make a drawing. Uh Uh. Uh black's okay. And draw it very big. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well, this is basically uh it's alright the remote? Um well usually the power button is on top I guess. Yeah so it should fit right in into your hand. Right. Right. I most people are right-handed so maybe left-handed special addition, but okay. If you put it like like here. Or something. I dunno. Um then you could put a screen, like on a mobile phone, also on top I guess. Okay so y yeah you have you have it in your hand, and the screen is below, and the buttons are in the middle. Okay for example if you put the screen here, it's more about the functions now than the than the layout. Doesn't work too well. It's uh it's bent.. Yeah. Right. Okay you get it. Uh for example if y if you put all the Right. Yeah. Maybe this. kind of works. Like if you have like uh ten buttons for for all the for all the channels, um and here one for for Yeah that that usually uh like here, here, here, here. So you have up and down for the for the channels, and left and right for the volume uh Yeah. Yeah. And you you have most of the time you have one button in the middle. It says menu, and then if you press it you the screen gets activated and then you can use these buttons to scroll up and down and left and right to go into functon and then just mo most of the time this menu button is also like okay, to to confirm a a kind of action. So you scroll into it, okay. You select a function like v like uh bass. You just adjust it with these two buttons. Then okay to confirm, and then uh on on each on each screen there's there should be an option to go back to a to a upper level. And then finally say okay, exit. Or or one button to exit it. Uh in one time I dunno, that's not really my department. That's more your uh your department to to uh to Yeah. But it should be if the screen is here then the logo should be like on on top, yeah. I mean it's uh Yeah. Yeah I mean the position of the screen is also more essential than I mean we we look where we have space left and then put the logo over there. But um Yeah so it should be I mean if you have it in your hand here, should be on top somewhere, maybe. I mean i That's not sure but it's Yeah I mean a screen on top looks more lo logical to me. Also because people use m mobile phones and they also have the screen on top. So you you just have to reach a little bit for the power button. I mean if you grab it. But most most of the times if a if if a T_V_'s on standby people just press a channel to put it on. So we put this on top, and then make the corporate logo like over here. R_R_. And j and the microphone, I mean it can be very small. If you look at your mobile phones are some stripes, little little holes. Yeah maybe on the side. I mean if the if the microphone is good. Yeah okay. So on the on the top is better. Yeah.. Yeah it doesn't matter that much. So but um the screen is on top? Which functions did we have left? I mean this is basically numbers, volume, uh channel up and down. Screen is over there. Yeah. Yeah. That's uh that's a good one. Yeah. Sound? Yeah. Equaliser. So if you have sound But not too advanced. I mean most T_V_s use only treble and bass. Yeah. It's uh pretty hard to write. Mm. Okay but you have sound? Yeah just oh y you have digital uh better write it down over there yeah. So you have sound. Yeah. Uh yeah sound and then within sound I guess treble and bass? Yeah. Also. Pitch. Yeah. But pitch, isn't that yeah that's the the height of the tone. Yeah okay, wh why would you use that? If people like talk like uh Yeah. Programming part. Uh so we have sound, yeah? Channel programming. Mm. I think it g it gets annoying. I mean most mobile phones used that in the beginning but Yeah. Yeah but people don't want to sit on their knees on their knees in front of their television with only three buttons then it's very hard to y yeah contrast and brightness? Yeah those are the most used I guess. If you look at your monitor. Well yeah well I guess that these were the only ones, I guess. Yeah. I will look it up. Yeah with the chip and then I mean Uh yeah. Well yeah we have power button, whether that's present. Channel volume selection present. Uh numbers present. Yeah a audio settings, mono, stereo, pitch, bass, treble. Screen settings, brightness and colour. Yeah con contrast is Yeah okay, colour and brightness. Um and what you say, channel settings or channel programming? So you you have an option to to start scanning all the frequencies, and when it encounters one, well it shows on your T_V_. And then you can um Uh and then you can select uh a number in your remote on which you want to save it. Yeah, autoseek. Well most T_V_s automatically display the name, which they get through the cable. Yeah. So you only have to choose the position on your It only has to match the the channel frequency on your T_V_, with with the with the position on your T_V_ and and so your remote. If you already programmed it. If you want to move it. Yeah that should be possible too. Yeah how do you call that? Mm? Wait you you should be able to to browse through a list or something, which w displays all the all the values, all the channels which are possible. I mean like one to f thirty of or ninety or whatever. Just browse through it and then um in some kind of way see if it if it if it is programmed. Yeah. Swap channels. So you most of the time if you if you swap it S uh let's say for example you have uh R_T_L_ five on on channel five. And Veronica on channel eight and you want to move Veronica to channel five, um most of the times you override the previous uh the previous one. Yeah. It's it's pretty uh yeah I mean you have to look on on the menu on the T_V_. Yeah. Or or is it too hard to to ju to just do it all on your remote? To programme the channels? Uh. Yeah. No. That's true. That's true. Yeah. So we have a figure a figure out a way to to do that easily. I mean th the autoseek is is not a problem. I mean you uh you uh current channel and then then it just says, uh on which number do you want to save this, and you just press a number on your remote, and then say confirm, okay, and then it's it's saved. It's easier, it's it's it's harder to, if you have already programmed it, to to swap. So we have to think of something for that. Yeah k kind of structure into layers. So And and the layout of of the thing itself.. Maybe more on Okay. Yeah. Yeah I guess so. Yeah. Yeah. With with some l with some layers in it. So some menus. Yeah. Yeah. Well I guess this this button, the the the okay, menu okay. Or you can incorporate two uh difference uh different buttons. Uh like uh for your mobile phone. Um so this is only for to get in the menu, or to exit it. And then one to confirm, and one to go one step back. So it's like the the save button on your your mobile phone, if you have a Nokia or like that. Or the or the no button. To go one step back you it's only two extra buttons, but if it if it's very clear that they are for the screen Yeah because this this is used for both. Into your screen. Okay. So you l should leave the menu button out of here. And and just put it under the screen, the screen Yeah. But we should place the screen on top, right? Yeah. Yeah. You just you just find out and. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, or confirm and back. Whatever. Yeah. Should we save this picture, or or you know what it looks like? Yeah. That that just to to activate the screen. So And then with these buttons, woa, y you navigate. Yeah. L l litten up yeah. That's very good idea. Alright. Yeah that's a good idea because then it becomes clear which buttons are active now, which you can use. Yeah. So Those buttons are are lit up. But just one thing. Should we use those two? Them? Or only this to to scroll? And then use the two functional buttons to confirm, to go into something? Oh no we have to use this to adjust some some bars? Yeah. And maybe we should use this also as an okay button, still. And then just only a back button. Yeah? Yeah. And one back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We have to ask. Yes. Yeah. Time pressure. Yeah we'll kick your ass later. No. Uh. Aye Y you saved it? Does it save automatically in the project folder? Or Okay. We'll see. Just put back my laptop. Alright. Yeah you can open it with the picture preview or stuff like that. internet. Alright.
. It's I don't know. I didn't see it yet I think. Hey what's wrong with my computer?. Huh? What the Not really. Sorry. Okay. Where do I find this? I'm not so g display huh? Appearance? No what was it about? Yeah my computer is not functioning properly. Yeah yeah. No but my screen is reduced in size. Yeah. Feedback. Okay. This is dreadful. No not this, but the task. Yeah. No that's okay. No I just flapped it, closed it, took it here and then this happened. Ah. Uh where was it? In settings? Okay. Alright. Thank you. Do you guys like your tasks? I spent a lot of time thinking about what I was gonna do and then a couple of minutes before this I get my function you know the information that I need. So frustrating. So Yeah Yeah exactly. This presentation is mainly based on my own ideas 'cause I hadn't time to intergrate tha the information yet so Really annoying. Yeah. Ts So they do need to be in the Alright. By the way my T_V_ doesn't have an equ equaliser but okay. No. Alright. By the way where did you guys get that newsflash from? I didn't get anything. Alright. Do we have uh yeah. Alright. It's th that's the self-destruct button. Alright. Mm-hmm. And we do have to integrate the screen and the the speech alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Ah look. We have your uh oh never mind.. Okay. Well my presentation is a bit uh sucky. Yeah a little bit. Uh no. No no. Yeah I think that would be it then. I have no idea. That w. Let me check. I know. Yeah. Alright how do I uh skip pages? The keys yeah? Alright. Um yeah well I was working on this before I got my information. So I was just working off the top of my head and using my colin common knowledge about uh remote controls. And well the info on the website which came too late. Um so I didn't really know what kind of functions we had to put into it yet. So uh uh this is basically an overview of what we discussed in our last uh meeting. Those were my uh starting points. Uh I was working on a s yeah on a schedule, and I was supposed to do it like this. But um yeah then uh the information came and it was kind of exact with all the steps in the remote control that I had to follow, so I was trying to organise them for myself. And then make the the design, a the actual design, but I never came around to do that. So I'm not really sure what I'm supposed to say about it. I mean everything speaks for itself I guess. Mean you press a button um the it tru goes, it sends a signal to a chip, which uh translates it into infrared signal of certin spatial frequencies. And uh or temporal fr frequencies actually. And then uh through a uh transformer, it the signal gets boosted and then sent to the to the receiver on the T_V_ and the T_V_ will translate it into a function. Um Yeah well this was actually all I got around to do. I mean I dunno if I'm too slow for this stuff, but uh Yeah. Whatever. Yeah so what we might wanna do is uh yeah cust I have customised the screen functions, if you know what I mean. The uh younger users are more acquainted with these kind of machines so they can use more advanced functions. But maybe elderly people don't understand it so well, so they need a simpler remote. And yeah that you can choose what the design displays, or wha whatever. Yeah. Experienced yeah. The remote? Right top. Yeah definitely.. And might be easier huh? Yeah I Yeah exactly. I thought but this is really your department, that we need just the functional display and four cursors. And Yeah okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Why did we wanna put the display in the bottom? Okay. Because yeah if you use the functions your hand will block the display. Normal for logical t Yeah. On once it's on it's on. You don't need the power button. Yeah. Maybe on the top or even on the side. True. But if you uh if you hold the ma the remote like this, if you put it on the top on the side I dunno. Should be able to work. Never mind. Can we leave this up to you? Yeah so we we needed to integrate the sound and uh and image options right? Like uh bass uh so we need kind of an equaliser. If you Yeah treble, middl middle, bass or something. Ah as.. Yes please. the mono stereo option? And there there was something else also. And then pitch. The fr yeah the frequency of the tones, yeah. Yeah isn't that that depends on the on the signal of the of what program you're watching. And yeah in the functionality of the no no of the remote uh do do we want uh the buttons to make sound when you press them? As a confirmation or whatever you know? I dunno. Under the a yeah advanced option menu you can put those things. Yeah. But so we have we have T_V_ options, which is all this. The sound, sound and image. And you have in that uh the indeed the remote control options. So we need two menus kind of thing. Uh-huh. Alright. Help. working design. Doch. He only has to figure out how it has to look. And how to use Yeah okay. But You did your homework. But um yeah. Okay. No no. It should be able to do any remote. No. Thank god. Uh all the functional uh aspects of the remote I think are in my department. I have to know what it has to do, so if you wanna you know the changing the channels kind of s thing is, I have to integrate that in the design. Yeah. I think that's a that's a good separation. Mm. Yeah we have to kind of work together. If if I make the the the yeah the menu like, I have to state which function has to be in the menu, and then you have to decide, it's, in a in a way that b is user-friendly. Yeah. I think yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. You wanna separate uh. I think you should. It's easier. If you put too many functions in one button it gets confusing. No. Hey is it interesting for users if we put LED lights under the buttons? So that if you uh press on the menu function that only the buttons that are used for the menu are ligh li light up. N Yeah and then it's also easier to integrate several functions in one button. I think not. Yeah keep it optional 'cause maybe you can you know go left to right and up and down in a in one menu. The pr the problem with the okay button in the middle is, sorry sorry, uh is uh if you're pressing up and down, you can easily press the okay once you, when you're not already at your choice. You wanna close down huh? That's okay. Already. Alright. How m how long is the lunchbreak? Okay. Mm. This is Yeah. Sorry for my uh not finished presentation uh. Bring it on. Alright. I'll try to. So first we have a lunchbreak now? Alright. Mm-hmm. I dunno where she.
Hello. 'Kay. Newsflash? D did I miss something? Okay. No. Mm. I think you have to uh change your desktop uh size. computer is uh not functioning? Uh display. And then uh settings? Mm I'm not sure I. No. Okay. Format. I made uh uh my own map. It's a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah wa wa you actually Yeah. But it it's not clear what you have to to to type uh type in your presentation. Yeah. Really. Okay. Yeah. I was wondering uh But you you've got more information than uh. But where did you get uh that information? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Mm. It's F_ five. Okay. Oh. What is this? Oh no. How do I uh No no no. I pressed the mouse button. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Um if you all go stand around uh Computer Um No. Okay. I uh had uh two examples. Um this one is the the yeah the advanced one with a lot of options and functions and buttons. This the easy one I think we have to to combine them. And uh yeah merge the best functions of all examples. Um but yeah the the age is uh under forty? So we Okay so so we have the option for more functions. Um yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah this this one we can remove for kids. It's just only for adults so uh we can uh use some advanced options. But Yeah but I prefer we we uh use the the basic options uh yeah. We have to to make them very easy so for just uh zapping around the channels you can just push one button. But if you want to to use your your video recorder or something else, you should use use an uh an advanced option. Okay one device. Okay. I didn't see. Okay and I also uh yeah. W yeah. We have to make it fashionable. Like you uh said uh before. Uh yeah the basic functions. Um yeah only use a extra function if they are really needed. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Did I uh did I break it? For for the advanced functions I think. Like searching for channels and Yeah. Okay. That's uh I'm al I'm almost finished so Um the we have to to to watch out for the i if we make it f very fashionable, it it the functional functionality will go down. So we have to make uh a compromise between functionality and fashional fashionable yeah content and form. Now that that was uh was the end. Yes. Yeah. Okay shou should we make a list of the of all the functions we want uh Yeah. But uh it's it's also for children or just uh Okay. Okay. Yeah. We we have to And if we have a larger public we have uh yeah more options to to uh sell our product. Yeah that's that's why uh I wanted to to make yeah two uh different uh yeah groups of functions. The the simple functions for for the the whole public, and the the advanced options for the younger people yeah who are more yeah experienced with uh Na I w I should uh put uh the the yeah the extra advanced options on the onto the onscreen display. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. L left top or right uh top? Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah but if you are using the the normal functions, the the basic functions, you normally press them on the u yeah. Yeah. You broke it. Yeah yeah. And volume control. Yeah. Yeah. And do we need a a logo on our uh remote control, or On the left uh top yeah. Okay. Yeah may maybe because you're Yeah okay but only for the basic functi if you're going to use the advanced option, you're going to press the the menu button and then yeah. Yeah. Okay the yeah. That's possible. Yeah, okay. Okay we put it on top. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If we Yeah it it's just a remote control so Yeah. Television uh itself uh Mm. We we could make an option for it, but uh you can disable s Yeah. But uh the the television itself has also the the options brightness and uh screen colour etcetera. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. No that's Okay On the uh yeah can you i make a a map with with all the yeah 'cause it's now there are lots and lots of documents and The the layout of the remote control? Isn't that more the the u uh the user interface part? Yeah. But do I have to to uh to yeah to make the the menu layout also? Or Are you going to do that? Yeah? I I'm going to make yeah o okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Y you you are going to make a list of what functions are uh are going to to be on the the screen, the menu screen. And I'm going to make a a nice menu uh with with pages and yeah. Yeah. Yeah. W we Uh I think we have to to group, to make two groups. Um the one group for the for the display, and one group for the basic functions, and Yeah okay but we we have a m yeah but maybe that's that's not uh yeah if you're if you're z zapping uh with your uh yeah remote control, you can press the the menu button, and then you are suddenly into the the yeah the display. Yeah. Yeah j just just group group the yeah we make these the advanced functions and these the basic functions. So we make a yeah a line between them. F oh yeah. Okay yeah we swap uh Okay. Yeah. So we make it a Okay. Uh Yeah. So we have a a menu button and a s Okay. Okay and back button. Yeah I'm I'm not s clear about uh the the extra two buttons. We have a menu button and That's the the one with the yeah okay. Okay. Okay so that that's not uh Yeah that Those are multifunctional. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No Yeah. So maybe make one uh one okay button and and one navigation button. Yeah the with with the the channel and the volume uh yeah m a multifunctional navigation button. Yeah okay. Yeah. But do we have to write uh to write down uh the our stuff now? Or first lunchbreak? Because I I've everything in my head now so Okay. Yeah. 'Kay. Yeah. Yes sir. Oh no no. Okay. And uh we have to make uh some maps with uh with the all the the data we uh gathered.. It's it's just my own map so I put everything into the But you got some extra information uh Okay. But where do you did you get the newsflash? You're the only one uh okay. Okay. Yeah.
";The marketing expert reported on research which shows that users think most remotes are ugly, easily lost and bad for RSI. Audio settings are rarely used, and the power, channel and volume buttons are used most often. The remote should be user-friendly and have a good look and feel. The marketing expert and project manager described the new requirements that the target group is users under 40, the remote should not include teletext, should be only for TV, and should feature the corporate logo. The user interface designer showed examples of two contrasting remotes, recommending that they should use the best features of both. The group decided to use an LCD screen and speech recognition. The industrial designer described how a remote works, and explained that his presentation was incomplete because he had not received the necessary information in time. The group discussed what functions to include and the layout of the remote, and the marketing expert drew a possible design on the board. They decided to have buttons for the basic functions and make the advanced functions accessible through the screen. They also discussed what buttons would be needed to navigate the menu on the LCD screen. 
"Hello. Yes, I made it. English from now on. Drawing or Yeah. Ooh it works. Spicy. Where are are all the other presentations? The conceptual or Ah. Because I see only my own presentation yeah. This? I'll just put it in there. Or not. Ah, I can't cut and paste it into the other folder but Move to meeting room. Yeah. Yeah me too,. Yeah. Yes. Me first again or yeah. Alright. Did you open it already or no. Ah. Ah. Yes. So welcome to the marketing presentation once again. Um this time about trendwatching. Uh well there has been inv investigation again, in the in the remote control market. Uh it shows a number of developments. Uh I will address them uh in a moment. Um fashion watch watchers uh have detected the trends for young public, because that's our public. Um well fruit and vegetables will be will be the most important theme for clothing, uh shoes and furniture. And the feel of the material is expected to be spongey. So um the developments I will address them oh yeah well this is the fruit and vegetables looks of fresh bright colours. So to give you an idea. Um well the developments? Uh development one. Uh well most important aspect for remote control happens to be a fancy look-and-feel. Instead of the current uh functional look-and-feel. Um well fancy stands for an original look-and-feel of the case and the interface. And the second most important aspect is that a remote control should be technological uh innovative. Um well it stands for the use of technical features that do not exist in current remote controls. I think we pretty much covered that with our screen and um and speech recognition, so I don't expect that to be a problem. And the third development um is that the remote control should be easy to use. Um Well the first aspect uh was twice as important as the second aspect,w which was twice as important as the third aspect. So um that kind of gets you this ratios. So fancy look-and-feel uh is the most important uh point of attention. Uh so the fruits and vegetables in combination with the spongey material. Um well technolog technological innovation, we've covered that pretty much I guess. Um and easy to use, I don't think that will be problem. So my point of attention is especially this part. That this will be a crux. So that was the marketing uh presentation. I had only one document left. So kind of this So a k a small example. Kind of this this look. Uh nothing about the buttons but just sponge kind of thing, and and some fruit and colours I dunno. Just made a quick design. Alright. Yeah. It's okay. F_ five. Yeah. Wi an indoors. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I guess we can only choose one. Yeah. And it's more fun. Yeah, just playing with it and especially when the material's rubber. It can be done, I mean, you can't harm it, so it's a perfect combination I guess. Yeah. So So double curved is like this, this, this, or Mm. Yeah. Also in in height? Yeah okay. Yeah with the programme. And and the and the buttons that you need to control it, I guess. Yeah. Back and okay. No. Rubber material. So that's uh is that is that the advanced chip? Wow. Yeah. Alright. Kinetic. Double curved.. The cost of making it should be twelve and a half? Yeah, so it's cheap. Um well the interface type supplements. If you go to your homepage or something, you should get your own information. I got my fresh and fyoo fruity uh picture uh also uh over there, so No. Too less time. Yeah, also the menu. Yeah that that w Yeah. Yeah I was thinking of that also, with with a with a uh arrow. So that indicates that there's an menu under that menu. So Oh yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Cool. S underwater uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. Also a kind of rubber uh Yeah. That should be nice. So s Yeah there's only in in this dimension. Like this. So curvy or not. Yeah so we keep it singly c single curved then? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So from top view it looks kinda like this. But from the side you you can have it also in a kind of shape. Maybe because the the screen is on top you can have Maybe you can c have this kind of shape. A little upwards. So that the screen is more towards yourself, so you can easily see your screen. Well well you have it in your hand so it's a kind of an angle from your eyes to the screen. So then you have double double curved in some way. So this this is so the screen is positioned over here. Oh. Something like that. And the buttons are more, well it's very thick now but That's uh that's Yeah? That that you can press it and then it comes up? Or But then the side view can be straight. If you have a pop-up screen. But I dunno if that's too expensive. I mean maybe it's too much Oh the advanced buttons. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So okay b but you have t you need some button to flip this open. Yeah. Yeah and it says menu and it flips open and then you have the buttons to control it, in combination with your True. It uh c it can go open. An adv an adv and it will be covered in some kind of uh thin rubber layer or something like that. Yeah, uh It's very no it's very strong. Yeah. Yeah the lower part doesn't work I guess, so maybe you should try it over there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but but that's optional for later I guess. I mean, we have to make Yeah we we better so choose one Yeah so okay we should better choose one sh one shape. But that's the kind of the idea, so it lays good in the hand, and then on on the side with with your thumb, you you can you can use, yeah, you can use the button option Spongey. Spongey can be reached by means of Yeah. And and the and the control thngs in the middle? The the the arrows? Yeah and then numbers. Yeah. Alright. Uh pretty nice design. Yeah. Yeah it looks uh pretty fancy.. Uh bananas wierd shape and other fruits also, so it's better to have um some sort of basic print and then a fruit print in some primary uh colours. I don't know what what colours should the basic print be like? Like some soft green or something? Or and then Oh yeah yeah, dark blue and then and then very bright, uh a yellow banana, an orange, uh a green apple, stuff like that, with very uh bright tones I guess. So you have something like Yeah. Mm. That doesn't really work. To draw, I guess. Oh. What's this? Right. Hm. Yeah. Two hours further. thickness. Oh. Oh. Wh why not go for the twenty? Yeah. That's what I call painting. So that's that's a dark blue basic colour I guess. It's pretty nice. And then uh Oh Yeah with some some yellow banana Like. Yeah? How do you mean? Some some Yeah an orange. Well alright well this is more like purple I guess, but it's should be more real dark blue, so the contrast with the with the fruit objects is uh pretty high. So uh yeah. That would be a nice uh nice device I guess. I mean, the the colour of the background of the display? Ah well I don't guess it s has to be a sixty uh sixty six five thousand uh colour, so yeah too expensive. So just just a a blue blue backlight or something like that. Green is too old-fashioned. But blue, blue's okay. J White backlight, and dark. Yeah. Whatever which is visible. I know you sh you should test it under uh under a light conditions. I mean it's hard to tell uh I dunno. Yeah. True. Which which uh colour should the buttons be? Why adjustable? No uh But maybe I mean they have to they have to have some colour right? And if the background is very dark blue Yeah? So more like Doesn't work very well. Uh. More like this colour. And then then yellow and orange and red objects on it or something. But then then again, which colour should the buttons be? The the press buttons. Should they be white or black or Uh Yeah but it's pretty fresh, on the other side. Yeah. My couch is in that colour. Yeah. Well it works pretty well. And then time was up. Uh. That you have five minutes left or So something like this. That should be pretty nice colour. But maybe the buttons, all buttons in red is maybe a bad contrast for colourblind people. Because the of the green. Yeah. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. So red buttons are okay? How do you mean? Yeah. No that's that's too busy I guess. You better bet better better keep the LED and the button itself in the same colour I guess. So just an extra bit of light and attention. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Of the product? Which we don't have yet. So wh how should I do that? Oh okay. Or you you or you send it to me. Or just because you are going to design it on this board right? Yeah. I I probably get instruction on that, how to do that, so I make another presentation I guess. I kn I know what's gonna happen in in yeah so I've a basic idea. Yeah. Yeah. Alright so that's uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.. Yeah. On the left. S so, yeah. Yeah. This? Uh pretty accurate. Oh we skip this I guess. Sound button press. Light only button user ca user interaction. Yeah. Yeah. So the pl the plastic plastic buttons also help uh because of um they are only lit during interaction. So Well it's a good thing that the buttons aren't um, well that they are plastic, because then you can light up the light on when when they are usable. Maybe you should draw it very large like this. Oh right. Erase? Yeah. Much easier, yeah. I don't see a sign that the meeting is over yet but Yeah. Oh. Wrong one. Alright. But we we I is it if if this is from the side woah. Steady. Because there the screen goes up like that right? So then it's like this, or that's not convenient because then you have the screen like this and look like the it's better to have it somewhat like this. Or does it flip all the way? It's better to to have this like this I guess, and then flip it like this. Yeah. So w yeah. But we still keep the flipping mechanism. Yeah. Yeah but maybe Yeah but maybe we we should then Yeah there the middle Sh sh shouldn't we integrate it? And then like i oh th doh. Come on. So this is the shape. Oh. It hasn't Okay but the screen is a bit lower because if it falls on the other side, it doesn't fall on the screen. So there's a layer of rubber on the side. So no flipping but just no. Throwing and the kinetics. Oh. We better make we better make it like this. Eventually. Yeah. Uh they are responsible enough to have a mobile phone, so also to to deal with their uh remote uh control. Yes. Yeah? Ooh. Yeah. Alright. Good. Yeah. We should work in our own room right? Or not? Yeah. Yes. See you two in half an hour uh
. Just kidding. So annoying. I just put it in the in the shared folder so it should be yeah I think so. Yeah, conceptual design. What or whatever does it No no no, can you go back one? Uh 'cause it has to be PowerPoint pre yeah components design, that's it.. I did get a bit more done than the last time, 'cause I knew that I didn't have time so I just copy and paste everything into the Sometimes I have these pop-ups or these sounds and there's nothing there, and also with I don't know how to use PowerPoint, so it takes me forever to get something done with it. Yeah. Thi Mm-hmm. Who wants to start? Sound. Yeah yeah uh uh. Yeah. And shall I go first? So I Yeah? Alright. Uh components. Oh no. Yeah true. Um Alright. So I'm dealing with the components design. Um let's see. I uh used some design examples we had uh from similar products. And I used uh possibilities from our manufacturing department about current components which will have to be implemented in the design. That's why I had to, wanted to go first. Well they gave me um an idea about what people want. We're f mainly focusing on this group, but I want to make the distinction clear. Uh I could not drag the pictures into the the slides so s so I don't have examples of how it looks like. But it comes down to what you uh what you think we should do with the spongey and the fruity looking uh type. If you, the young dynamic people want soft primary colours uh, which looks like fruits you know, you can and shapes that are curved and not uh solid straight lines anymore. So this basically um yeah goes on to what you were mentioning earlier. There is a lot of um factors involved in choosing the components. There's a lot of options that we have to discuss. Uh for example the energy source. we have four types. The basic battery. Uh we have a hand dynamo, which we yeah we Dutch refer to it as the kneipgatt. Uh the kinetic provision of energy which means if you move the thing, if you shake it. Which will be fun for toddlers right, if they wanna use the And uh of course solar cells. But I dunno how we would use that into the design of the actual product. So uh my yeah also also in you know countries where there's n isn't much light like in Scandinavia, they wouldn't be y able to use it half of the year you know. So that's not cool either. So um for the uh a case, there's uh the traditional uncurved flat hard case. Single curved, which means that it has uh curves in one dimension. Or the double curved. Um I wasn't able to finish my uh personal preferences sheet, but well you know that we will have to go for the double curved 'cause it's daring and different from what we have now. Uh the case materials. Well we have all kinds of hard uh materials like the the hard plastic, the wood and the titanium. I would definitely go for rubber 'cause it fits most in what people wanna see nowadays. Um poo, this is a lot of text. I wasn't able to organise this yet. We have yeah several uh interface designs. Uh we can use a scroll buttons for the menus, but we already kind of decided to go for the f for the pushbuttons, for the the arrow buttons. So that's not really interesting. Electronics? Yeah, maybe we wanna decide on what electronics to use the advanced chip I think is easiest to implement uh for the production, 'cause they they can print it better. Um Yeah. I think this is about it. Yeah I was working on some per personal preferences. I first uh chose for the battery, 'cause yeah I'm traditional and that's the most obvious, easiest choice to go to. But I really think that we should maybe uh think about the kinetic energy, where you have to move the thing to be able to use it. Yeah maybe we I can imagine that the kinetic uh type energy source would be more expensive to make. But it is more longlasting, that the people don't have to ever buy batteries again. And it's also more fun yeah. I always chuck my uh remote control around, so Yeah y exactly. You don't have to be scared about bouncing it off the g floor and breaking it or whatever. So that's the end of it. Uh go ahead. No it means curved in two dimensions. So uh w single curved? Uh let's say would be a b square box, but then with curves on one dimension. And double curved would means that it would have curves curves in every direction. Like three D_. Yeah. Design? I And rubber. Rubber material. Yeah we need the the chip on print to be able to support the the screen and uh and f audio function. Yeah. Yeah. Otherwise you would have a simple chip, just for pressing buttons. But we need more. I'm just thinking, this is not my department, but I I'm not sure what this is gonna cost, to be able to m So 'cause we need to sell it for twenty five Euro a piece. That's gonna be difficult huh? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Child labour man, we love it. Um let me see. Wait a sec. Yeah I'm going there now. Inspiration. Well Um yeah maybe it's Maybe it's easier Yeah. Yeah perfect. Maybe it's easier if you guys come over here. S see this is the the the standard traditional type, where the form uh yeah serves the function, you know. It's like really basic. But this m is more appealing to old people and we don't want that. This is what we're looking for. And th that means curved in both dire dire uh dimensions. Not only like this but it has to be exactly. It has to be kind of instead of the PlayStation, the module. It has to be like the the Game Cube, you know, where your thumbs would be laying in the instrument and it has to be nice to hold. And It ha Yeah but that's that's the the problem uh yeah the dilemma actually, 'cause we wanna appeal to the to the young public with fancy with flashy colours, and with a lot of shape. And Yeah, and the and the rubber, it it will look cheap always, you know, with the There is mobile phones, in which you can change the colour also of the lights. Maybe we should consider this function. To customise it and so I mean kids can make it look more flashy with different kinds of colours and people who want something, you know, different, or more uh design, they can go for one colour like uh for example this uh photo th camera. Personally I think it's really ugly. Just give me the thing that it's inside there maybe I'm too old for this stuff. Yeah. So those I think are all my oh. And this is, this is with the curved that I mean. Yeah. Yeah? A compromise between what? This, this would be uh single curved uh? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. I think the I mean our aim is to make something different right? To make something new. I would go for the double curved. And I I'm I'm thinking uh you know uh a drawing palette, where you have the shape for your thumb. So it kind of holds nicely, something like that. Well this is really your decision but Yeah. As well. You can make a trigger button or something like that. Yeah or that that is the confirmation button or something, that you scroll with your thumb, with the arrows, and then confirm. That would be a nice way to use it but I mean, yeah, I'm thinking big already, and we need something that well that that you can able to use in one hand I think. Yeah.. How about Mm-hmm. Yeah I understand what you mean. How about we do a uh a pop-up screen, like the laptop. So that the only the simple functions will be visible at first. And then if you want Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. No uh like I would draw it like this. Let's say this is the side view. That you have a a screen that will come up here, and can go down that way. If you know what I mean. So that it would come up like that. Yeah or preferably even keep the simple buttons here, and then under the screen even you could put more more advanced buttons. F for the L_C_D_ menu right? So w w Oh Activate and th the yeah. True. True. But you can make a, yeah, you can make a trigger here. You know a simple uh with a Yeah. Exactly. Well yeah the the idea of it was, is that because you close it, you cover the L_C_D_ screen and it won't be vulnerable to scratches or whatever. And Exactly. Exactly. We just have to make sure that the closing mechanism won't break. Th it's very solid yeah. That actually will offer some extra protection for the Yeah. Yeah I was thinking, if if you have your hand, it this is your th Okay. If this is your thumb, and this is your hand like that. With your uh wrist. That you, that it would be kind of shape like this, you know. So it's easier to hold in your hand, to y f Uh yeah. Yeah of course. Yeah then w then you would have to to make it like this. Like like you drew here. And maybe th then make this thicker also than the centre. Give it I would give it a female shape but uh yeah. Anyway. Obviously. Make it more appealing to guys. I mean Yeah but we have hardware inside, which is so it has to have some sort of basic shape. And also the screen, you cannot mould it. You know kind of thing. Yeah. And then you can You can place the screen here, which can come. And but then I w I would I would do the arrows here, kind of thing. Those buttons? And the simple buttons here, so that I Uh y eah that's what I mean. The arrows over here, and here the s simple uh or do we wanna make its shape look like a banana or something? I dunno. Yeah. Yeah we could make We should use Yeah w we need very primary colours, like bright red, bright yellow. Yeah. Yeah okay yeah. And how about some uh some flashing standby lights? Like you have on the Samsung, well I don't like to call brands phones, the you know that 'cause I remember from one of our first meetings that uh people lose their uh remote controls often. So it not not only in in the colours of the LEDs, that we want something to keep it visible at all times, or Um Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. As long as you loo use uh high contrast between the the background and the foreground colour. So that people with uh with And also for people who are a bit colourblind. But don't we wanna make the background the the bright colo colours? So th the total of the thing is very bright? Like the pictures I showed you guys. Those things were all like like bright red, bright red, flashy. Yeah something like that, something that stands out more. Yeah. The green? It's actually a pretty trendy colour at the moment. Do you get a pop-up if we Alright. No that's actu Red and green are actually the b the easiest to discriminate. Even for colourblind. They will see one of each as grey. But if you use uh green on blue, those kind of colours will look the same. I think. I think so. You can what we should do I think is is make kind of a see-through plastic button, with uh one coloured LED behind it. So that the whole button will shine as the colour the And if you think about easy to use buttons, we have to, well we have to make it the shape so that it's easy to hold f for both hands, but also that you can reach the buttons with your thumb, if you hold the machine. Ah, right. So we're gonna work here? On this sketchboard? Alright. Thanks. Alright. Thirty minutes. Alright. Yeah. Shall we uh make a new uh Yeah, I just make a new one. Alright. Huh? Yeah I'll just I'll just keep it there. Yeah. Uh sorry. Okay. Current colour? So um Shall we make some outline sketches of the basic shape first? Because I I Yeah 'cause I have to uh focus on the on the basic look-and-feel design. So how it's gonna look. And you have to think uh how we're gonna put the screen in it and those kind of things. So if I'm drawing and you think okay I'm not gonna be able to put a screen in there, you have to correct. Uh do you mind if I draw in black then? For normal sketches. so we kind of want the girlish figure. I'm not so good at drawing. Excuse me? No uh uh. How do we uh uh or insert text? Oh that's a bit big. Yeah. Yeah. Ex exactly. Uh Uh I thought for the side view, that the w the basic section would be rather uh a bit thicker than the middle, where you're holding it with your 'cause your fingers have to fit underneath and Exactly but the uh but the upper side has to be a bit more like that I think. Uh don't you think? So the display we will put in here, the basic uh functions in here, where it's most reachable. The The th Exactly. Oh. This is hard. What do don't have to draw it exactly do we? Wait. Let me try it one more time. Maybe I've uh it's easier if I draw it in once. Okay, of course it will become way more ugly. Yeah. This'll take forever. It's fun to work with this pen. Um so, larger. And yeah. So side. 'Kay. Um other views? Uh Yeah. Let's fill i fill in the buttons later. So this is gonna be from the uh from yeah yeah. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah? The the idea is that it has to flip up to here. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. True. you can adjust the angle to which it flips. So it can also from this angle, it can flip all the way up to there. You can flip it up to there if you want. Think so. Yeah because I think it will feel weird if you would make this smaller and this bigger or something that I dunno. I thought it would be cool.. It doesn't aim so well. Yeah yeah yeah. Definitely. Yeah I guess but uh I mean most votes count right? Yeah. Yeah true true. Yeah. Yeah if you if you're going for the kinetics Yeah. I'm just thinking totally different designs also. Remember that the weird pocketphone thingy which looked like kind of a Gameboy. Maybe we should try something like that. But yeah. Oh right. Alright. Yeah. I like it. Okay. This can go. Oh yeah we have to f uh include that in our design as well. Let's see. What the hell's that? Uh Yeah. I think we do. Yeah or j or also scrolling for the m yeah. Yeah? I dunno. We w kind of wanted to stick with the Yeah I'm just thinking, if we i we wanna make something different right? So the with the scroll is is more futuristic than the standard arrow buttons. I think.
Okay. I I've got the same problem as well. Oh. No. Yeah. No problem Yeah. No. I I don't mi I don't mind. That's Do you want to go first? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's better than than my uh drawing. Yeah okay but I have to design the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pushbuttons. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. As an optional uh feature. Or combine uh both with a with one uh Okay. And throw it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. One one uh very important thing I was uh yeah thinking about is the speech uh option. We were going to use that. Yeah. So um Yeah um yeah that's one thing uh which I'm not sure uh of how to implement it uh into the remote control. No okay but it has to be combined with with the menu uh for functions and So okay. Yeah. Okay. But do uh j do we uh do the speech just for the basic options, for the simple buttons? For for everything, also for the advanced options? Okay. Uh we have this very uh basic uh trendy design. Everybody says it so that's what's uh yeah um Yeah in the in the last uh meeting we uh we were yeah putting the the simple and the advanced options separated. That's yeah obvious. Um yeah. Pressing the the menu option uh will disable uh all other options on your uh remote control. And only the the L_C_D_ panel will uh light up and then you can only uh change the yeah the options. Yeah. Um yeah design has to be very attractive but that's your your op your yeah. you have to uh delete this but this is the the the simple uh layout. Uh display on the upper side with the the menu button and maybe a some sort of cancel button or save button. I'm The back. Back and okay yeah. Uh What? A little bit I think but not not everything w Okay. Oh I uh didn't read that. But But this is the the basic uh design uh for the for the m yeah for the buttons. Um I wanted to to categorise everything. Uh with a speech display uh yeah, sound, everything you you noted in your uh minutes. Um every pushbutton has uh has its own uh LED light. So you can uh yeah change uh m make it more trendy for for younger people. And uh if there are older people they wanted more uh yeah more uh luxurous so that's an a also an option. Um that was it. Yeah. Yeah.. We're going to produce it in uh China so it's no problem. Uh it's it's quite difficult because we we haven't got all the options uh yeah. Yeah. This is the the menu I was uh looking uh at. Yeah. Arrow yeah. Yeah. S yeah. Yeah. But it has also to it it has also to be uh luxurous uh for for yeah rich people. Th this looks a little bit like like for only for children. So Yeah. The colour Yeah. Okay but the the colours, you you can make it uh make the colours with LEDs uh beneath the the buttons. If you press a button and you can disable the the colour LEDs for for people that don't like it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Very cheap uh cheap look. Yeah but if you if you make it more curved we we can make more and more options for buttons. If you have uh it have it in your hand, you you you are not only um yeah you don't need one dimension but you can use other dimensions for pressing the the buttons. Yeah. Something to shoot at your television Yeah. That's yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's the the more advanced options were uh for the for the menu. But you you want okay. You just want to hide them all? The oh. Yeah yeah yeah. That's but it's it's not it's not very uh very strong uh yeah if you drop it one time. Okay. But when you are left-handed, that's that's a problem. But that's that's very expensive uh Yeah. We we could make some some rubber uh some rubber uh yeah mouse, with which you can change uh and so if you Yeah. Okay. Some yeah. No no no no. Okay.. Yeah. No the arrow's over here. Yeah. Or blue? Dark blue or Yeah. Yeah but the primary colours w we can uh create with the with the LEDs on the on the remote control. If you we uh yeah. If you make it uh just a yeah bl give it a blue colour, then it's just a neutral colour, also for the for the more uh yeah for the people. So that's So that's blue. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe a Yeah. And which which colour should uh should I give the the display? Uh Or Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah maybe a maybe a white a white backlight? Dark uh letters, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's adjustable. Yeah? Or not. That's how we are going to make it uh more trendy. Or is it uh too expensive? Mm. And it it looks quite cheap, that colour I think. It's it's not Yeah. I dunno. It's it's trendy okay. But Mm. Yeah. Yeah. But the but the buttons have their own LEDs or not? Okay. Okay. That that's a default uh setting. The the red buttons. Okay. Yeah I I was think about a red uh red LEDs and blue LEDs and Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But we have to do it at this moment, after th this meeting? Okay. Yeah. Ah so this is basically the what what we are thinking about? Yeah l let's just uh delete all these uh or Oh, next. Okay. Uh Yeah. And then after that we can make the user uh inter interface. Yeah. Yep. Oh no it's it's okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but this part isn't uh functioning properly. It's a bit uh large.. L let's make first the the the all the views. The the front view, side view and the back view. Yeah. The middle has to be very small so you can have it in your hand. Yeah the display, we yeah we can put a display. Yeah. The the arrow functions. Yeah. Yeah. No it's it's uh it's okay. You can make it m larger. Maybe it's easier to to draw uh Yeah that's that's the basic idea. Yeah. Yeah only if you are going to put buttons on the side of the unit. That's the question. Yeah. From the Yeah I'm I'm May maybe it's it's easier to to integrate the the the L_C_D_ screen just into this this bubble. Because it do doesn't have to flip then. Because we have en enough space for for making a an L_C_D. Because here But why why do we need uh the flipping uh Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh the the shape is okay but yeah? I don't see the the yeah why why we should use the the flipping uh mechanism. Because we Okay yeah. It's it's for for for more trendy uh Because we have enough space. H here we got uh the basic functions, the the arrow uh yeah button. Yeah and then h we sh mm. Yeah, then it's No flipping or you wanted the flipping so But if you if you If you drop it it it just breaks. And it has to be very strong because of the. Yeah kind of And it's also for the for the children, it's yeah for people not sixteen years. But there are more Yeah okay. That's true. Okay. Yeah? Okay wi Yeah. The Real Remote. I think uh it's the sensors. Okay. Yep. Okay that's the side. Ah it's it's okay. But do we want uh options on the on the side with the with the buttons? Or just leave it? Uh could make an uh a volume button uh scroll, volume button. For menu. Or Yeah. No, yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah you are going to design it so
.. Yeah just testing. Mm? English.. Break is over. Whoo. Spicy. So, he's coming. Oh okay. Ah. She. You can look at the final report, 'cause I have to record everything we are deciding and such, so I'm trying to write it down between everything else. Oh. Yeah. Here we go again. Welcome. Uh we have again three presentations and then we have to decide on what concepts the mobile phone has to uh f the remote control has to support. So who wants go. Yes? Yeah sure. Doesn't matter. No. Mm-hmm.. Yeah yeah sure. No. Cool. Yeah you're just the user interface hmm? Yeah layout. Yeah okay. You probably opened it. F_ five. Yeah. Yeah okay. Calculator's can do it. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh I think you can only fit one uh source of energy on the Yeah I didn't receive any info uh. Yeah. S yeah it's safe. 'Kay next. Uh Okay. Can we uh Yeah. Well the visual representation is not there with speech but you can Yeah. Just yeah. I think you can just uh match the speech commands with the functions that are already present. So I don't think you have to design anything else for that. Both. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That would be the back. Back and okay. You did read the minutes I wrote? You did read the minutes I wrote? Oh okay 'cause I pretty much summed up all the buttons there were. So I hate doing work for nothing. Mm-hmm. That was it? Okay. Uh again. Ugh. Okay so what we have to decide is what kind of components do we use? Uh energy source, chip type, case type. And user interface. But I didn't see a clear distinction between these so I think what we have is okay. So we only, we already decided that kinetic would be the choice for energy. Uh the case would be doubly curved. So Rubber material. And that's the only thing we have left. Oh okay. No it's easy. Advanced chip. Okay. Too. Uh I didn't get any info on this. So Yeah. I have total here. Yeah I don't know. I didn't get any information about that so Yeah. Who doesn't. Uh let's see. Is there a new thing? Yeah the interface, maybe can Ooh. No. Uh do you have a picture of doubly curved case? And could you put that in the group folder? Of the project folder. Ah you didn't draw it yourself. Ah. Arrow. Yeah.. 'S the target group. Yeah sure. Yeah. Oh okay. I see. Yeah also like this. So you can hold it.. The children's story. Yeah I've got it. Distinction. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Different. Mm-hmm. Camera. Yeah submarine. Well Yeah but this this the is for the. Okay. Uh Ah yeah bright colours. That's singly curved. Okay. Well we could make a compromise between that. But I don't know if it's worth the effort. Uh instead of doubly curved we take a single curved. So to appeal a little more to the all the public. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Also. Yeah that would be an option. I don't know what you think. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah I'd agree. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Different. Stands out. Or Oh yeah a one hand uh solution. can turn it maybe. To switch from buttons to interface hmm. If you turn it a little.. Oh yeah. Least you can easily see it. If you can uh flip. Uh so you have a the the side view. So and you want to be able to make this. Okay so the buttons are on top here, and you flip it over that way. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Right. Yeah that's good idea. Yeah. No not all because you need most of them, the arrow buttons. But you can hide the okay and the back uh button. And the menu button also because when you flip it open and you can maybe even drop the menu button because maybe if you flip it open it will auto activate amauto uh uh automatically. Why? You could just make it mechanical. If you cover it with rubber. Mm. Yeah. So it can bounce. Yeah okay so that that may work. Okay but then we still have the the the thing of the the the shape. Yeah. What kind of Harder.. Maybe can design two versions. Mm-hmm. And ergonomical shape. Yeah. The female shape yeah. With two uh Oh yeah. Some uh k esk uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. So the keywords are primary co colours, spongey? Yeah. Yeah. Buttons. Okay. I think that uh it's a nice design. It's cool. Yeah. Yeah that's Orange or something. Mm. Yeah. Huh cool. No it's. Yeah it's text. N no you have to exit. You could also make line with uh Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Y Yeah and then on top of that. Some yellow. Banana colour. Yeah if you if flashing colour so you can't lose it, basically. Well I think it's a bit too much but Yeah. Yeah. Who? And then you can use yellow or semething. Why not? Aye. Like this. Colourblind yeah. No so that's mostly red and green I believe. Woah. All all buttons? Okay. It's difficult. Blue. Maybe green. Yeah you can Mm-hmm flashy. Mm bzz. Red maybe. Black. Why? Yeah. So Ooh.. Uh not yet. Yeah within five minutes yeah. Y left yeah left and then uh I have to kick you out. Yeah yeah. They have LEDs but they have a colour. You can make them red. Yeah. But I think you need to keep in mind that the LEDs are just extra light. Uh they they don't determine the colour that much, I think. 'Cause you have to print on them you have a background. Each number is transparent. Uh partly but you have to print on the number. Or the the sign. So you can't change the colour so Yeah. Bit of light. Bit of feedback. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay with Uh Don't mean to discourage you but uh basically you two are going to work on the smartboard. Next thirty minutes to design something so And the You will do the evaluation. Yeah. Yeah uh about Yeah I don't know. You probably get a mail. Yeah. Once they are finished. Yeah. Yeah but maybe you can do the evaluation you don't have to evaluate yet but you can make a procedure which to follow. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. About. Yeah. You have the basic idea. And you two uh are going to do this. Look-and-feel and Yeah. Good luck. So I uh make new page and uh be creative. Yeah you have uh thirty minutes. Then we have to uh see something which we can uh show to the management. I would yeah. Yeah. Next. Oh and save this uh board. Just save it. Yeah okay but just press save and uh It'll be fine. You can also include clip-art. So if you'll rather draw in paint or something then look. Yeah. Yeah. You can also include it. It's not much work. That's included. Yeah okay. Yeah. Sensitive. I dunno. Maybe just start typing. You also do the other sides. Not only on the front si uh the top side but also the the side view. Uh. Jesus. What do I write down? Why can't I work here? This is much easier. Yeah. Mm. No so I just work here a few minutes. Five minutes left before the meeting ends. Yeah we keep the flip? Keep the flip live. No flipping? It's shaking. Yeah just light on top. Safer. Mm. Yeah okay that the target group. Well. I just uh ended the meeting. You two go design. Oh. By the way. Um I uh thought up a name for our product. Yeah. It's called uh the Real Remote. With a copyright sign after Real. So maybe you can include that somewhere. Yeah. I don't see any power cables here so 'Kay. Good luck.
";The marketing expert talked about trendwatching and explained that the current trends are for fruit and vegetable themed products and products with a spongy texture. For users, the three most important aspects of a remote control are a fancy look and feel, technological innovation, and ease of use. The industrial designer talked about the options for energy source, case shape and material, and internal components. The group decided on using kinetic energy, and a double-curved rubber case. The user interface designer talked about speech recognition and what functions will be controlled through buttons or the lcd screen menu. The project manager ran through the group's decisions so far and led a discussion of their remaining options, including the colour of the case and buttons, and whether the remote should flip open or not. 
"Okay. Uh first of all I'll start with the costs, because that's going to influence our design. If you Don't know if you al already had a look or not? Because we have a problem. If you look closely, you can see. Um I already took the liberty to make some suggestions... At the moment we have fifteen buttons, one L_C_D_ screen, one advanced chip-on-print. We use a uh sensor, that's for the speech. Uh we use kinetic energy. And we wanted uh the buttons in a special colour. Okay. What's the first thing we should drop? The special colour of the buttons? Okay. Uh Should we switch to a hand dynamo? Uh that's the still the same idea as the kinetic energy because you have to use it and do things. Batteries? Batteries.. Yeah. So You're going to redesign something. Okay, so we're at twenty five. Um Do we keep the shape doubly curved or g do we go for single curved? Mm-hmm. Uh Yeah. Um Uh another option I saw was to drop the buttons one through nine, so you can't directly access a channel, but instead use only the up and down arrows. That would skip nine buttons and four and a half Euros. Yeah? Uh then we have left Uh yeah. We do. They don't need special colours. Fine. That's more like it. You were saying something. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, some more menu options. Yeah. Okay so maybe we can drop few more buttons. But um Now let's look. Mm-hmm. Uh Yeah, scroll-wheel, push-button uh Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah. Yeah. It's uh One integrated button is five times the cost of a normal button. So You could also drop j three more of these, without losing much functionality. You just drop the Okay and the Back. Oh, that's for the speech. Yeah. S s Drop speech recognition? Yeah that's possible. Buttons. That's not very easy to use. Yep. Okay. Because if you d lose the L_C_D_ screen, we need a lot of Yeah. We need a lot of extra buttons. Okay so we drop the speech. And drop it yeah? Okay. S Fo Four less Euros. So we still have three and a half Euro to lose. Yeah if you lose the the Back, the Okay button Uh v let's say we only have the four arrows, and the Menu button. Then you're Oh and the power button we have also. Yeah. So that's one Euro. Yeah. Yeah? And That would save zero point two Euros compared to No. Yeah. To This together is more expensive than Oof, it's almost the same as t keeping this. And we can drop these two. Volume. And the power button. That's the basic. Yep. Okay th that's Yeah that's one Euro more expensive. That's not an option. Menu, power. Four arrows? Power. Uh Yeah. Okay. So four arrows? Uh power I believe? Uh We have a Back and a Okay button. And the Menu. Yeah, and even if we drop three buttons from here, we still have to make some adjustments around here. So The L_C_D_? Yeah. Then I rather make it wood. Because then also it's good in the market with the forty five plus uh people. No that maybe not. But maybe it's better than plastic anyway. Yeah? Yeah okay uh Yep. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, okay. Plastic. Uh that's easy because plastic is free. Yeah, okay. Uh if we dropped uh Yeah? You still need that. S No, I keep the re Yeah. Yeah. Because we already designed for it. So Yeah and something else. No y you would rec Then you have Then you still need two additional buttons I believe. For the volume. You can use those Yeah. Oh yeah and power. That's three buttons and this would cost Yeah. Three. Up, down, Okay. Yeah, okay. It would save enough Yeah you can choose this, drop these, then we have a half Euro left. So we can maybe still use power button. Yeah. Yeah. You see? Oh still Yeah? Oh then I miscalculated. Oh yeah. Shit. Drop the special colour. 'Kay. What else? Uncurved? Yeah. They made it very easy for us. Ah, I don't think I can s uh persuade the management to say, this is better for the market so you sell more than Buttons. That's Oh yeah since we only have one button. I just m I don't I think Uh yeah it's I think it's grey, regular. Grey and rubber. Of plastic. Yeah. Yeah. No I don't think the current status of uh chips are pretty uh energy conserving, no. Yeah hand dynamo? Do you want an extra button? Yep? Instead of an additional power button? Yeah? It's for scroll Without Yeah but it's just a scroll-wheel which you can push down. So Yeah? So Woah we're within budget. It's a miracle. Yeah? Okay. Um, well. 'Kay, this was old. Yeah back to work. Uh Did I save it? Yeah. I I wanted to go, but I wasn't allowed. So Uh I just forgot to save this. Just a minute.. Yeah, this the last phase of course, so Hmm. Oh. Okay. Um Well we first should have had a uh prototype presentation. But well as you saw that hadn't made no sense, because we had to drop it. Uh Yeah. Yeah it was more important, so I just pushed up the agenda. Uh, evaluation criteria. You have t produced something about that? Uh you put it in the. Yeah. F_ five. Alt up Freaky. Yeah. Uh, of course we dropped a little bit of those uh Mm-hmm. Two. Uh y we should fill this in now. Yeah okay. Uh Yeah in the new design I s would say it's three. But now, in original design I say two. Okay then I say three. Hey, you're marketing, eh. Hmm. M maybe underline. Red. Oh yeah very true. He types everything. Everything. You don't use anything else. Yeah. Yeah okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Nope. Uh check with the Excel sheet. Yeah integrate it. Yeah. Just go scrolling and it will activate. It shows the most used functions and they are relevant, but You say you double click on the No, not anymore. Because he's now have a scroll-wheel that you can push in. Like on the the mouse. Yeah. To get into menu. Yeah. Or hold it ten seconds. No no no. Uh it should be trendy. Yeah. Four. Yeah, im in the menu. Five. It's the weirdest remote control I've ever seen. So Well it's different. Yeah. Yeah, it's still Yeah, I say two. Oh, that's the next. Two. Yeah definitely. You still have rubber d Or no. Yeah. Yeah. The one button we have. Yeah you could check with the Excel sheet. Yeah. Yeah or three. We have something. New. Yeah. You like both. Um oh yeah. I just couldn't Um, just one minute.. So. No not anymore. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah well yeah. No Yeah okay. So Ooh. And Yeah? What? Yeah. Yeah. That Count them. Add them? Or Could somebody start calculator? Mm-hmm. Yeah, yeah. You have to 'Kay. So four and Nice work. O one. Plus five. Bo Uh two. Four. Start over? You can Oh yeah. Okay. Three, four, nine. Uh Eleven, fifteen. Seventeen. S Uh That was the last one. That was that. Yeah. So divided by nine. So Yeah. Divided by nine. So thr t two. So we're better than average. No. Things, yeah. Okay. It's still yeah. Has some shortcomings. Okay so Um this we had, this we had. We have to do a product evaluation. Uh prototype presentation we dropped. So Uh the finance we looked. We have redesigned. Uh not on that, but So you can just make one big L_C_D_ screen. Yeah uh The the button has a special colour, the frame has a special colour. It's plastic. And single curved. Oh and you might want to add a uh infrared LED. Otherwise it uh doesn't function uh so well. Well I have to um um make an uh report of every decision we made so far. And I try to get chip just before uh I uh receive the Excel sheet. So I Yeah I'm I'm somewhere, but maybe you can help me. Uh I was here. So Ah That's enough to get started with, so Uh, I just took one for every step and then a conclusion. Yeah. Well I think I have to make a p an issue called finance. Yeah. Mm-hmm. .... I don't think so, if you see the options. But Yeah. You can't even draw anymore. Even children can draw. Can you just push pen and then keep on Hmm. Yeah. Yeah just on the the m um the L_C_D_ display. This is your Real Remote. Yeah. Yeah. You can just reuse that, because the name is the same. Initials. Mm. Luckily. Yeah, it's uh Yeah. Okay. And copy this. Just a minute. It's It's somewhere I d It isn't inside. Yeah, and don't know how it's or eject it. From up there? No. Yeah it's somewhere in here. Save copy. Yeah.. Yes.. Well Um now you probably have to recalibrate. Oh, five minutes to the end of the meeting. And the recalibration is done using this icon here. Yeah well I just Okay. You go ahead. Yeah. Yeah. Then I have to uh uh write this, and I don't know if you have to present, because I didn't receive any information about that so far. Maybe we get a a final mail. Yeah. Yeah, I have still ten minutes to finish the report. Yeah. And you can uh just uh relax and uh have cup of coffee or oh no, they don't have beer here so you can't celebrate. You can just if you ma finish my presentation please. Uh over there. The presentation is still open. So if you finish that then you'll see uh Yeah next. Oh yeah, we have to do the project uh evaluation. Just uh do that quickly. Uh Uh well basically what that says, we discuss it and um So how were did the project process uh go? Did you, were you all pleased with the process as it was? Or are there uh Yeah the interaction and the steps we followed, and and so forth. Yeah. Mm-hmm.. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay and was that due to my leadership? Yeah? That okay? Okay. Um was there uh enough room for creativity? So and the uh about the board digital pen? Uh was that helpful or Ooh. Yeah it works. Mm-hmm. Use the pen. Yeah yeah. Blink. Oh. Okay, are are there any new ideas about this? All I think I didn't really receive, yeah. Uh uh w uh S sorry uh Mm-hmm. Yeah. Oh. Uh we should uh enter our questionnaire. Ah. Woah. Okay. Uh okay. That's the management. Hope so. Um
Oh no. No n I I already did it. It's not much. It's just one question. Yeah. No that's that's for the trendy uh feel and look. So Yeah, b but I think the battery option. Oh. Oh no. Yeah. But we don't have any basic options any more. Yeah we c could We only need the the the the the menu arrow arrow button uh thing. Everything you can do with with the menu. So With the display. Yeah. So you do one inte You can do one integrated scroll-wheel push-button. And then just drop all the other buttons. But but th the cost of one integrated button is far more than a few extra push-buttons. Yeah. So we have to to make it s uh more uh It has to be Could drop the speech recognition. We we d Yeah. Yeah. We lose our whole concept. Uh so No we just We keep the L_C_D_. Yeah. If we do uh two integrated scroll-wheel push-buttons, we can drop all the the push-buttons. With with one uh integrated button we can uh do the whole menu thing. With the other, we can do the the channel, the volume, et cetera. No it's three Euros. No? Um No it's it's n Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. It's the Let's make the Let's make the case plastic. Yeah. But Plastic with a with a special colour. A woo wood uh wood uh wood colour. That's an option. Yeah. So we do one one s Yeah. Hmm. No the buttons, those are really needed. Yeah th th it's it's uh An advanced chip-on-print. Oh that But the But the integrated uh button? How many func functions can it uh have? Okay. Oh no. No no, it has to be um curved. Okay. Okay. Wh what we could do is um drop the the special colour, and uh do the special colour for the buttons. Yeah. Just something else than than black or white I think. Yeah. The display The But if you have to power the for ten minutes, then the Yeah. No no it has to be curved. Yeah. Just put a special special colour of the buttons, or something. Yeah or spe special form? Yeah. Yeah. But it's it's for the integrated button, I think also. Or Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yep. Oh just oh ma make it two special colours, but we only have one button. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yep. Two or three. Two or three. Yeah. Yeah. Or give it a colour. Yeah true one. Yeah. It hides uh basic functions. Yeah true. I think we are It's in Oh yeah it was integrateds. Yeah. Can you uh change channels directly with with just one button? No, you have to scroll through the menu, before Yeah. So it's it's not No. Yeah. Oh no. Seven. Yeah. Five. Five. Yep. Yeah. I think a two. No. Yep. No you got a plastic. Yeah. Yeah. You only have one Yeah. Four. Yeah. Red. Mm yeah yeah. It's the white part uh Yeah. We have a we have a Mm-hmm. Ah i And that you only have to control one button. It gives visual feedback. So I think a five. Five. Okay. Yeah. Yeah that looks uh great. Yeah. Nah Yep. Yeah. S Yep. Wow. No we put the electronics into the fashion. Yeah, four is okay. Okay. Three plus? Plus one. Plus five? Oh. Wait a second. Oh. It's it's gone wrong. Okay. It's your turn. No it's if you press twice on the plus button, then you get s s No. That's why it's uh Just count it to Yeah. Sixteen. Twenty two. Twenty four. Twenty six. Oh, sorry.. Oh my. Okay. Twenty eight. Hmm. Some questions are Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh great. Okay it's your turn now. Yeah. Yeah we we can just uh use this one. And then uh over-paint it with uh uh the green uh he only needs one button. Yeah. Or we have to delete this one or Oh oh no. Okay. So that's Okay, but how do we make the the scroll uh button? It's just one yeah. Uh that's the infrared uh thing. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, uh it's just a scroll Yeah, is it's horizontal or vertical? I think Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yes. It doesn't look like uh Uh it it's it's not Yeah. It's not very fashionable anymore. But uh it's okay. Yeah. Maybe m make it bigger? Or Yeah. That looks little bit more uh Maybe that's a s a special colour for it. So we can make it uh special? Or or speckles in it? I dunno. Uh I'm not sure. Yeah red is already a special colour, I think. So It's not very special, but uh Yeah. Just uh put the purple uh purple on it. That's trendy. Woah. Oh yeah. Hmm. Oh what?? Oh no. No no. Yeah. Oh it's it's just one computer? Or No. But can we delete it, just with delete? Or Crashed. Oh, no. Okay. Yeah, over here. Hmm? What's this? Oh yeah. Oh that's the select button. It's uh No, it looks It's okay. Specially the the R_. D designed by Okay. No. Do they have a lo Oh, the here. This i this is the logo. Two R_s and a one. Yeah. Okay. Are we uh ready? Uh Or Is this uh the last assignment? Or Final Um bug. Bug. No it's in inside the No it Oh. Hey, you've got it uh read only. So you have to uh. It's too uh It is It's now single curved. So It's flat. Oh no. Okay. It doesn't matter. It's it's That's the detector uh for the Okay. Yeah. I don't know. Maybe that's why it's it's not working, because it's more Yeah. Oh. Oh yeah. Yeah. You've to make it s uh ninety degrees. You have Oh we're always long. Yeah, can we t can we get to that i Oh it's not working anymore. Oh yeah yeah yeah yeah, it's it's working, it's working. Yeah. We're improving uh Yeah. Yeah. No it So cake. No. No. Yeah. Yeah. Especially after the first meeting. And Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah but only the the financial parts uh Yeah. Yeah. Finish meeting. I think the PowerPoint is is too limited. You can't uh draw easy in in PowerPoint. It has to be uh yeah. The drawing board has to be integrated into PowerPoint, so that you can just easily Yeah. Yeah just for text, for text it's uh it's okay. But 'Kay. Okay. Oh. Okay.
. Oh,. No. Oh. No. Yeah but young people like that. So just do normal battery. Yeah. It has to be twelve and a half. Or not? Uh, yeah. But we can keep it single curved with uh top view still curved, but from the side it's it's flat, and the screen screen is just Well you just have to hold it like this then. So Alright. Let's do it then. Yeah. we F_ eight. Yeah. The joystick. Integrated scroll-wheel push-button, yeah. Yeah or or the integrated scroll-wheel push-button. So that's kind of on your mouse and then you can click it, adjust it, click again and then you're out of it. But you still But you then still need to have Well you can use the scroll-wheel as well for um maybe for the channels. But you still um You still have to have some some button in the menu to go back. Yeah. Well not all. Not s not sound I guess. Mm. Yeah. Wh wh what what what is the what is the uh sample sensor sample speaker? Speech recognition. Right. Buttons. No, it can be disturbed by by noise and stuff like that. Let let let me see what's more what's more popular. I guess the the screen was more popular than um than the speech recognition. I have to look on that. Let me see. Uh well no I was wrong. There are more people who like speech recognition than an L_C_D_ screen. But if it But it it it's a it's a both a hypers No, but Well we Yeah we keep the screen. I mean it's it's about the same. Eight one to ninety one percent, uh sixty six to seventy six. Yeah. Let's drop the speech. Sixteen Euros. But y y Yeah. Yeah. And then and then use um The the Okay. And the menu button does also does the okay function then. And then when you in the menu S so so you activate the menu. Yeah yeah. Yeah.. Well okay. For example if you have f f four buttons, channel up and down, uh volume left right Okay, I've I think we have to keep that. And then and the power button. So that's five. That's basic. That that's what you need anyway. And then for the menu, um you can have a button that activates menu. Or d or do we just integrate an an an scroll-wheel with a push-button. And then if the moment you use the scroll-wheel, the the the menu gets activated, and then you can scroll, choose an option, click on it, it goes into an feature. Click on it again, selects features, scroll, adjust it. Click again, it's okay. Then you only need one button to move back. Or or under each option, you set a you set an a screen thing what says back, and you select that one, click again, and you go one step back. And in that menu, scroll, click, one step back. So that then you need five buttons, and one integrated scroll-wheel push-button. But we can't drop three buttons. But I see that's Yeah. So that's not a good idea. Because which buttons do we have now? Those five which I mentioned, and then menu, and then Yeah. F of the four things? Yeah, th power. Which more? Yeah. Power. Th Yeah that's five. Yeah, okay that's seven, and one to activate the menu, yeah. So okay that's eight. Well we can't reduce that. We we keep the display. Oh, well okay. Yeah. Yeah well we need the advanced Instead of r Yeah but but that's not our market. Ah no, hard plastic. Yeah, plastic with special colour. No but I I Because we have to use the special colour anyway. You forgot that. So let's go for the plastic. And since it's not kinetic, it doesn't have to flip around that much? We still have problem of two Euros. Yeah we can't drop them. Do we really need that advanced chip for an L_C_D_ display? Oh. I rather keep I rather keep the display. So the only option is an hand dynamo. Oh no tha Oh that's one Euro, right. And then integrated s Yeah but that would make it not so easy to use. I mean it's not that important, easy to use, but Yeah. You you press it for like three seconds. Then then then you should do everything in the menu. On the screen. Yeah. Yeah, but we'd Alright. It s it saves us four Euros and it costs us two and a half. So let's see, we we drop the price by one and a half. But we still have thirteen left. Thirteen. So still half. There goes the special co Well That would make it less appealing. So that's no option. We sure about the advanced chip we need for the display? Well yeah. yeah. We made it hard for ourselves with the display, but it's a cool feature. Yeah but I mean what is meant by special colour? S yeah. Alright. Yeah. So I rather have an hand dynamo than than drop the colour. You can still play with it then I guess. I don't know. Yeah, but a hand dynamo costs a lot of energy to keep the screen working. So I guess that isn't an option. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah true. Let's let's go for the hand dynamo then. Or or do we Or do we do uncurved and flat? Instead of Yeah it has to be curved and has to have that colour. And a screen. Yeah. S what what is special f Oh yeah, special form. Maybe that's nicer. But we don't have any buttons. So do d Uh make it a special colour then. Yeah ma make it a special colour then. Okay. Make it a special colour and then it look fancy. So Yeah. Let's let's save it. Yeah. Let's do it like this, I mean, because it does not lose our identity of the product as we Yeah all your designs are uh pretty much Yeah but that but that's the fun part of it. Alright. Yeah what's the next uh phase? Uh the agenda. By your humble P_M_. Oh f Frustrated. Alright. Yeah. Drop, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah that that's Yeah. I uh I sure did. And it combines with product evaluation. Uh so We all have to keep in mind what has changed now. So what we have left on the Because evaluation is based on the initial uh user requirements. Alright. Let's make it big. Um Well we evaluate uh the design with a seven point scale, as following. Well the remote controls according criteria blah blah blah. True or false, and then on a scale of seven points, a scale, as we all know it. Um Well the criteria are based on the user requirements, uh the trends from the marketing research, and the marketing strategy of the company itself. Um well they are in a Word document, which I will open now. Yeah. I don't know it's open yet. No. And we all have to uh agree on a certain level. What's this? Oh. I don't know. Um Well the first point is the remote control matches the operating behaviour of the young user. So that means the operating behaviour was using quite a lot of functions. How do you think about that? Yeah the us u It it it's it's mainly con mainly concentrating on a lot of functions, in this question. So do you think Yeah. You can you can ma Yeah, you can make a lot of extended menus. That's true. I mean the the possibilities are almost unlimited, to to build in menus in the screen. So on a scale from one to seven, what do you think? Huh? Two or three? Something like that? Well we have to choose one. So uh what do you say? I agree on two. Yeah. I uh I say two, personally. But Yeah well we have to evaluate I guess what we have now. Yeah? You say three, and you you said al also three? Three? Okay well I say still two, but it has to be three then. Yeah I know. So it's made bold. But it's nah, it's not very clear on the sc Maybe other colour, yeah. That's better. Uh Yeah. Alright. Oh, it doesn't have to be bold anymore. Alright. Yeah. Um well the remote control has Wha The remote control has irrelevant or less used functions. For example audio settings and screen settings. Yeah. Well, yeah. So it it's a very true point. I mean it hides all those function. But, I mean uh they're hidden in the screen. If you don't want to use them, you don't s you s just scroll over them. And you place them F I don't know where. So that's very true, I guess, for our case. Uh the second point. It shows the relevant and most used functions. Power button. Do we ha still have a power button? Well yeah the button's integrated, huh? Yeah we dropped it. You j you just push it in for Yeah just just push it in for th for three seconds or something, and then Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. Um it shows the relevant and most used functions. Yeah uh on the other uh on one side I would say yes, and the other side I would say no. So it's I don't know. Yeah. With the scroll butt Yeah and then say channel. And then Hmm? Yeah. Yeah. But but how do you change from volume to channel? No. No we have n we have no buttons left. So the joystick was not an option. So so you hav So you you have to double-click, I mean, for, I mean, uh volume, and three double click for the menu, or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. But but ease of use was not very important, may I remind you. So that's Yeah but that that's not a question. Uh the remote control shows the relevant and most used functions. Well I think it's pretty much in the middle. You have to search for them in in the in the s in the screen, in the menu. So So maybe it's more like a f a five. Or Yeah. Five or six? Five? Alright. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Uh the the remote control makes use of technolog technological innovation like L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition. Well yeah but we dropped the speech recognition. But it has at least one innovation. I say two then. Yeah but that that's not that's not this question. Uh thi uh that's the other question. This one. Two yeah. I think L_C_D_'s more useful than speech What? Oh not the bold one. Right. Okay, it has a fancy look and feel by using fruit and vegetable prints, primary colours and sponge-like material. It should have been two questions. I realise now, because sponge-like material is dropped. But the look and feel Yeah. The button has also colour. Yeah. Yeah. The one. Mm mm. Yeah we have single curve now, and no and no material. So maybe in the middle or something. Yeah, I mean it's worth the Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But then we would have to drop the screen. Oh red. Yeah. Yeah. I like bold. Uh the remote control displays the corporate logo. Yeah. You just have to draw it. Yeah. But there's uh enough space for the corporate logo. I mean, if there's only one thing. Yeah. So I will say that is very true. Yeah. The remote control is easy to use. Well I would say Skill, uh I would say six, or something. I don't think it's easy to use, or not so. Yeah. Yeah. It it it has a nice screen. But Yeah. Yeah. Well I I would say a five or a six. What do you say? Easy to use? Five or a six? So a six, more. Yeah, uh I would go for the six too. So Um well, another question, uh the remote control is durable. I don't know if that's the correct word. But uh In use, both battery as casing? Yeah? True, true. And the casing is plastic,? Yeah. If you don't drop it too much, it's uh should last pretty long. Yeah? But uh I think rubber compared is better. So I think a two is more appropriate than Yeah. Logo. Okay I will go go for two. Uh the last one? The remote control's a good example for company's motto, we put the fashion in electronics. uh turn around. Yeah. But um Yeah? It's not Yeah, true. So a four. It's it g it g goes, it's not the best we could do, I guess. But it all has to do with the budget, because it's it's not the bad idea we had, so Alright, yeah. Right. So if I understood it right, we have to count these numbers. Uh Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh Oh Alright. Word document, the Yeah we have to count them. Uh Yeah just add them and then uh divide them. Yeah. Mm. I all made it po I I all made it I all made it possible uh for a positive questions, so we can count it. I mean if you have reversed question, you have to reverse the scale, uh Yes. Yeah. Thanks. Oh Easy. Question number four, yeah? Yeah. How hard is it? Yeah just use Oh there tho uh there's no n There's no num pads. It's a it's a bit uh Yeah. I think you can just count them by a Um let's move over. Three, plus one, four. Nine. Uh, yeah. Are you here? Eleven. Fifteen. Sixteen, yeah. No sixteen. Uh sixteen plus six. Twenty two. Twenty two, yeah? Tw Twenty Twenty eight. Twen Uh okay. By nine. That's uh three uh Or le less than a three. Yeah. Twenty eight di divided by nine makes three point one one one one one one one. Yeah. Yeah, but there are no negative questions I guess. Good example. Durable use. Easy to use. This is good. Fancy look and feel, that's good. Technology innovation was good, because of a marketing uh requirement. Re relevant most used function. And hides these functions. That was also a good thing. And then matches the opera of the user was also a good thing. So it were all positive questions, by uh by purpose. So Yes, so the It tells us something, yes. Becau But the picture would be a lot different if we didn't have to drop those uh those things, I guess. Yeah. Nah it it's it's better than average, but Yeah. So th Yeah. No. The colour and the screen. Yeah we we have to maybe if we have to redesign it on this With some casing around it, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Do we have to do other things? Or just redesign? Alright. Yeah. So you made a start, right? Yeah. Alright. The the target group has a weak spot for fruit and vegetables, like primary colours, spongy shape. The playfulness, we decided to use kinetic energy as a power sour Okay. That's conceptual, yes. Mm. How many pages? Alright. Y you have you have done the first two. Okay, and and the look and feel is Yeah. The items we had to drop. Where did we start with price? Twenty six and a half. Or not? Or twenty six? Something like that. This? Speckles? Uh Yeah. Yeah. Some some big dots. Yeah. .... We have the original balance sheet, or Yeah. Woah. Just cut. Control Z_. Yeah. Yeah. Just dual screen. Very nice. Yeah. Y y you you you push the button or something. Or Lot of options. Yeah, the R_ and another R_. It's called the Real Remote, right? Maybe maybe it c it can say that. The Real Remote. Yeah. Welcome. Yeah. Yeah. You can copy and paste the picture if you want. Yeah. What is that? Look more Looks more like a campfire. Yeah. Yeah. Type in your report. I don't see any new messages. So Hmm? Luckily, yeah. What time do we have to deliver the report? Four o'clock or Or before that? Just compare uh No it's on the on the beamer I guess. Yeah. Strange. This something what's projection from behind, I guess. Yeah it it's a beamer, but then with a within a mirror, yeah. So it looks like a big screen, but in fact it isn't. Well it's it's single single curved. Th this is flat. Yeah. But it's it's better to have in the front, this kind of shape, because it looks nice. I mean you see more of this than of that. Yeah, more like that. It's not very uh ideal. Do like this. Yeah. What's this? Ooh. But I don't see a detector over there. I thought it was a kind of thing to put it on, and then draw right lines or something. Yeah. Or just messed it up. Yeah. Yeah but it wasn't good. Yeah it it has to touch the corners, I guess. But th this one wasn't good, because if I was drawing here, I drew a line and then it came over here. Oh. Ooh. Yeah yeah, it's it's okay. It's working again. It's better than before. Yeah. Yeah that's improved uh pretty much. Yeah. Yeah but it's better, it's better Mm. No. It's better than it was I guess. Silly. Yeah. Works pretty well. Five minutes before the meeting's over. And then? We have to present Alright. So it after the after after these five minutes, you have to Alright. After after that five minutes, you have ten minutes to finish it, or Alright. And we uh Right. Chill. Huh. Uh Yeah? Next slide. Yeah? How do you do it? Alright. Yeah. Yeah. And we move more to to working together as team, because at first you you make your individual contribution, and then come here, and you have no idea what the others have to make. And then finally you have some idea, okay this is gonna w this is what we gonna make together and okay I will arrange this and you will arrange that, and you have a k a kind of idea what you can expect on the next half hour when you have to work on your own. So The process, I mean, the interaction between us became better and better I guess. Yeah, especially if f f if you see uh you se you saw the largest difference from the first to the second meeting I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Li Limiteded afterwards, but If if you don't take that into account, there's plenty of room for creativ creativity. Also not only the drawing and the the making of the thing itself, but also in explaining it to the other people, by means of uh the the board and uh PowerPoint and Word and stuff like that. Mm uh I think in in essence the digital pen is better than the SMARTboard. Because it it it just works better. I mean uh uh I've made yeah, uh I've made several notes just to test it, and and just put the pen in into it, and then it came onto my screen and it looked perfectly. So it it's better a better device than uh than the screen. But the screen is useful, in essence, but it doesn't work that well. Yeah. Yep. Warning. Finish meeting now. Well, it It's use especially useful, I guess, to to evaluate designs and graph graphical stuff. And and the screen and stuff like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But it it's useful to to show something to to an a small audience, and then to Yeah. These these kind of screens this size are useful to discuss things. So Yes. Check your email. You also. Right. Yes boss. Well see you soon. Yeah.
Did you do your questionnaire already? Uh It wants Yeah but everything is. Just a normal battery then, yeah. Oh my goodness. Well I guess i we'll have to go for single curve then. I mean we have to drop on everything. Yeah. How about Sorry. That's what I was thinking. A a And uh 'cause then they don't have to n They don't need special colour as well. That was exactly my point. Like let's drop all the buttons, and just make one I mean we're gonna use the L_C_D_ screen anyway. So we'll just have to use it for everything. And then you can make an overview of channels in the screen, and select a channel, click Yeah we need one integrated button for everything then. Yeah. Kind of. I was Because Yeah. If you if you go to If you go to our uh view, like you if you are in the sound system there, uh and you wanna adjust the treble for instance, this is just uh an example, y y you wanna see a bar on which you can adjust it from zero to ten for example. But you want a sound preview of how it's gonna sound, right? So you wanna click on it, activate it, whe and when you move it, hear the difference of the treble coming out or going into the sound. So you'll you'll need a a kind of a joystick uh button. Yeah. Exactly. Yeah it's r Yeah. No. No but Yeah it's it's expensive, but uh we never considered the possibilities of uh speech recognition. 'Cause it can take the function of a lot of uh uh buttons. I No. Yeah but lets just say that the speech recognition works. We uh we we haven't really integrated this the speech into the system, so we can might as well s drop that. We need to lose some buttons. Which That's even Yeah, if you if you go to eight I don't know how to Yeah, we need the chip for the for the L_C_ display. Yeah. True. Oh. Hmm. Yeah uh You uh uh Yeah. So the other option would be to go for the the sample speaker, and Which can use a regular chip, wh which is six Euros in total. That doesn't matter. Well yeah. Exactly. Yeah but the uh can't we f uh fit all the buttons in an intreg integrated scroll push-button? 'Cause that will save us one and a half Euro already. And then if w Th then we have to scroll through a lot of menus to be able to get where you want, huh? And uh Yeah d at l Yeah. At least one for power. Oh. Yeah it's just as expensive as what we have now. Yeah endlessly. I mean it can be a power button as soon as it powered on. You can go into you in you main menu, you can choose uh flip channel, uh you can choose sound options, any options. Yeah. Maybe we should. 'Cause we don't have money and w we want the screen. I guess we have to. We'll we'll be on Yeah it says right here. Yeah. But we definitely want the thing to be a special colour though. Damn. Yeah and then Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Well, you only have to power it up when you wanna use it. I don't know.. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the most import We only have Yeah but Well we come back to the drawing board then, huh? It's silly 'cause we we should have had this meeting before we start drawing. Oh yeah? okay. Drop everything. Yeah. We went straight into finance? For Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. I think it does. Because the operating behaviour of the young user was also defined in colour and shape and the use of L_C_D_, right? Yeah. Well, we have extended menus, on the on the L_C_D_ screen. So I No. Yeah. Yeah alright. Yeah yeah. Definitely one. It has to be. You're not gonna find them. Yeah the next Not so much so. Yeah. Yeah it's uh it's integrated. E exactly just like a m mobile.. Well uh we should b build it so that if you don't kind of push into the menu or something, if When it's on, yeah, it's turned on, It automatically has the the programme and the volume function, but as soon as you click it you go into the menu or some Of you Or you double click it. No because it has four arrows, right? Oh yeah. Yeah I was thinking still about our uh integrated joystick. Say. Yeah that is a bummer. We'll make it a Morse code. Yeah. Yeah I would go for five or six, yeah. Okay five. Let's not diss our remote. Yep. Just one button. But Uh yep. We still have the fruit and vegetable print. Fr Oh I mean the Oh never mind. I'm a bit lost.. It's way more practical, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So we still uh we still have the primary colours. But only on the on the outside, not on the button. Yeah? Okay. Yeah. Yeah still we we dropped also on the the double uh curve. And and colour. Yeah. S Yeah. Uh Actually we d we didn't do so well on this one. Because it's basically an old one, uh with little curve on the side, and in a different colour. Still, it's still hard. I mean the sponge-like and the three D_ shape, that would give it something young and fresh. Of course. Yeah but it be because uh we couldn't hardly draw on the b s on the lower half of the screen, we could not make it big enough to actually draw in the So I mean I wanted to put digits on the buttons as well. But Hell yeah. If we have only one button. And even the shape we have now uh simulates kind of an R_ and the reversed R_, doesn't it? So No. The only e the only thing easy about it is that you don't have to move your fingers. 'Cause it has only one button. Yeah exactly. I would say six. It's really not easy to use. 'Cause you're putting everything Most votes count. Um Definitely in casing, 'cause we have a hard plastic Yeah. Yeah because the the batteries, those thingies last forever. And the the casing, hard plastic also lasts forever. So I would go for one. Okay yeah. Oh. No m I would g I would go for four. Because we kind of tried to but we kind of failed with the budget that we have. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. That's it. Ah we can do the math. Uh Yeah. Did you make this questionnaire or what? Oh. I wouldn't be able to do it that fast. F Pretty difficult. Just type in the digits. They're all one digit numbers right? And then you can count them together. Eleven. Fifteen. Sixteen. Seventeen. Oh what? How hard is this? Never mind. Twenty four. Twenty eight. Twenty eight. Yeah the lower the The lower the score the better, right? Yeah but But I Are you sure we this number actually tells us somethings? I don't think so because some questions are related to positive issues and some to negative. So if you give a true to a positive, it actually means that the low the lower the better. But if you give true to a negative question No? Durable, that's good. Easy to use. Yeah.. Also good. Yeah okay. I guess you did do it. Oh yeah yeah. No Okay. Okay. Yeah true. Yeah definitely definitely. Because now it's just an average It's remote. Yeah okay because of the L_C_D_ screen. But uh it looks and stuff, it still uh it's not, it's not really eye-catching, except for the colour. Yeah. Product evaluation. Shall we try? Black. Okay uh we're still gonna go for the fancy colours? But are we gonna stick with the green or are we gonna do blue? One scroll button and For what? Should give it some time? Yay. Have to take this away also. And this um Oh yeah, of course. Um pen yeah? Format. Current colour red. Oh Yeah we did our special colour for the Line widths, now that's a ten. It's gonna be one str scroll. Horizontal's easier too, 'cause you can Is it more natural than this? So let's say Whoops. 'Kay. Basically. It's really ugly. Oh What do you mean? Like a other colour than this one? Yeah can we do it uh uh can we do a print? I think we have to choose, yeah? Okay special colour. We do have special colour. Does it mean uh that Shall we just give it some dots to make it look pretty? Purdy. Purple? Yeah yeah. Oh no my remote has acne. No. That's why we have that button. It's so cute. Doh. Is that that? How the We did we do that? We can try. That doesn't respond also to the undo. It looks like it's No, Where do you want some more dots? Okay, it's not the prettiest, I know. It's not so random huh? Yeah okay. We can make a l a logo. Like uh put it like the shape. Something like that. I mean it's not too uh That's not their logo, is it? Yeah. It's a How Shall we do the logo in black or not? Are you dissing my drawing? This one? It looks like a ribbon. So who wants to draw? This is actually quite fun. Do we need to do anything? I hear you people are typing. Oh, okay. It's almost four. At four, yeah,? This is really bizarre. It looks like there's a It looks like a butterfly. No, but it i It's not a bu a beamer. B It's a normal T_V_ screen, kind of thing. Oh. Yeah there is some kind of projection I think. With a with a mirror, huh? Or something. Yeah. So are we gonna change anything to this? I mean is it gonna This is gonna be flat. Yeah exactly. Yeah. Yeah. And this is also gonna be Nope. But sometimes then uh all of a sudden it does work. Maybe No it's I think you only need two points. Or not. No, you sh Slanted yeah. Yeah. Well maybe. Yeah it it matters for the aim of this thing. Yeah. Yeah it's only a bit like to that side, but that is that one by the way. 'Cause this one makes the angle either like this. So i if I change this, it will go there, if I change that, will go there. Mm-hmm. I will take this away 'cause it looks messy. Maybe we will. What's this anyway? It looks like candle wax. Uh th uh do you mean the the interaction between us? Or Yeah well at first I was really stressed. Because it went a bit fast. But then as I knew the tempo that I had to be on, the second time I think I did a bit better. And the third time yeah, I mean Yeah, yeah yeah yeah. Yeah we Mm-hmm. Yeah. Definitely. Well you did become more assertive the the second time round, so that Yeah. You were more in charge kind of thing. I guess so. I mean I We were pretty democratic. Yeah. Maybe Yeah. It's uh it's The the pen is more intuitive, 'cause we're all used to writing with pen. And uh as I said, uh I uh have no idea how PowerPoint works, so will take me half a day to be able to make a normal PowerPoint presentation. But once I get to know the program probably, I mean, it looks better, you know. Or uh something like that. You can give it a kind of a home style, like we have i the the logo and everything. And I don't know. Yeah the the the problem with PowerPoint for me is that you have to i put in the pre-made chunks c as well. You know, you can draw something on the sketch-board and then take it there, or whatever. Alright. Alright. Well, s see you in a second huh?. Yeah we have to pull it this way, huh? Wait.
";The project manager decided to start by looking at costs instead of the prototype presentation because the original design was too expensive and had to be changed. The group discussed which features should be dropped. The group decided that the LCD screen was integral to their design, but dropped the speech recognition. They decided to drop all the buttons in favour of an integrated scroll push-button, and to use a hand dynamo instead of kinetic energy as a power source. The marketing expert led the prototype evaluation, based on the new design. The group were satisfied with the overall score of 3.1. The industrial designer and user interface designer worked on a drawing of the new design, while the project manager and marketing manager worked on the final report. The project manager led an evaluation of the project process. The group thought that they worked well together, especially after the first meeting. They were happy with the room for creativity, but thought they were limited by the budget. They preferred the digital pens to the SMARTboard.  They had mixed feelings about using PowerPoint. 
"Hi. Oh. Good morning. I'm Juergen Toffs. I'm the User Interface Designer. Ach. Ooph. Very artistic. Okay. Wow. He does have body uh Huh. You don't have to change the colour and the pen width during uh the drawing. Or You have to draw uh push hard on the pen or uh Oh. Uh hmm. Okay. Oh. It's a very bloody cat. It's a frog. Uh it's an apple. A dog? Huh? Oh, it is a turtle. It's uh inside its shell. You'll be uh finished sooner. Wow. Yes. Okay. Wha Thank you. Yeah. Um How did it work? Performance? And a pen? Um Well, very good. I just uh thought I'd pick the easiest one. Well, we had a dog, a few years ago. And and it, yeah, when it died we didn't get a new one or something. But uh Uh a Graphical User Designer, so Hey. Oh. No. Can work together. Ah colour. Well, it's okay. Yeah. Uh-oh. Oh, he is the artistic design. Remote control animal. Well with the interface, it might be easier to ha to draw here and display there uh. Than on the, with Yeah, I m I mean like uh like on here, drawing drawing uh. And then displaying on screen, but Too expensive, yeah. A green rabbit. There, the g white green rabbit. He's a little bit stoned there. Yeah, how much is it? Hundred million uh remotes or something? Oh yeah. Um well I think the most important thing of a remote control is that you can switch channels. And my opinion is you should keep it as basic as possible. Uh Is it possible to open pen drawings in this uh on this screen? Uh but um which The ones we made on the Oh, only in Word, okay. For what purpose? We And and the price. Okay. And him. Yeah. Um one thing uh, we must first agree on uh what we're going to m going to make. Do we Are we going to use um it it for multiple systems? Or uh We should have some agreement on that before we Okay. Ah okay. Consensus on the, what we're gonna do. Yeah. Well yeah, if the technical functions have to be designed, I I've gotta know for what kind of machines they will be. Or do we use it a text screen? Or uh will it be with uh with bluetooth or Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Sorry. Yes. Yeah. No. Come up.
Hi. Morning. Hi, my name's uh. I'm the Industrial Designer. By the way, why was your cat uh red? Oh, okay. Oh, yeah, sure. No, it's a turtle. Must be a dog. Yeah. Uh. Hmm. Yeah, sure. Uh thanks. I figure I should do something like that, but I'm gonna do something much more difficult. Exactly. Uh Yes. No. No. Yeah, exactly. So. Uh I figured this is a pretty b good impression of a rabbit. Uh uh Uh well. Where does the pen go? Just uh Uh I figured the rabbit was actually the most uh impressive. Oh, sorry. Twenty million. Two million, oh yeah, two million. Yeah. And and him. I figure we could get back to it on the next meeting actually. Yeah. Yeah, actually it is. Then looking at individual components, so that's actually a f step further. Yeah, we can take it from there. Yeah, I agree uh, we can take it from there. Or edit. Okay, cheers.
Good morning. By Big Brother? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Of our faces. I'm uh Tim. Um my function is the Marketing Expert. Speaks for itself. I have a question. Um this exercise, um did the company board tell you to do it, or uh did you just make it up yourself? It's part of the introduction, okay. Okay. Um, yeah. I don't know really how it works. But maybe you can show us first? You g you get electrocuted or It's like Pictionary? The the one who says it first gets a raise. It's a pork? Mm yeah, I have it at home. What's it called? Ah. Miniature size? Okay. Okay. We have to speed up. Remember you use uh different colours, and different pen widths. I Okay. Save it. You have to save it. I've done it. New? 'Kay. Mm uh Not really. Um That one. Yeah? Okay. Open. Which one is it? Smart board? Okay. And now? Okay. Okay, thanks. 'Kay, I've speed up. 'Kay, that's fine. Line width. It's not an apple. Hmm. Colour. Something like this. Smaller. Um 'Cause I liked Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles. Uh? No, it's uh No no. It's coming up. Mm. Uh. Something like this. Okay, you know Very artistic. Yeah? Here you go. Uh the big lines were like nine. Uh, it's p It's pretty good uh An artist. Think you uh picked the wrong uh function. Wrong job. Wha That's enough, thanks. I wonder. I'm gonna design a remote uh remote control animal. Oh. Sorry. Yeah. That that might be easier. But at the other hand, uh a pen like that is easy to hold in your hand, and I think it's easier to draw. Yeah. With a pen than with a mouse mouse. Mouth. Oh, okay. Yeah. W with this paper it's too mu too expensive. It's a rabbit with uh broken legs? Yeah. It will do. Project Manager? Uh Have you been uh counting the time? Okay. Let's go on then. It's pretty abstract. Like how much? Yeah. Yeah. I think so. Uh but I have some points. Can I show them on the on the big screen? Maybe? Yeah. Yeah, I can find Uh. Screen? Okay. Okay, I have some uh points from marketing point of view. Um just the standard thing li things like uh intuitive, uh small, fairly cheap. Uh it's pretty cheap, twenty five Euros. Uh brand independent. Um I think, it doesn't have to matter uh which brand your T_V_ or other thing is. Um Five minutes? Okay, I'll wrap it up quickly. Um I personally think it has to be multi-purpose. Uh most of the remote c uh remote controls are uh just for one purpose. And uh by making it multi-purpose, it uh has a new feature, adds a new feature to the market, and distinguish from uh from current products. Um maybe some other technology than infrared. Uh I rather find it very annoying um, like when someone is standing in front of the T_V_ then you can't switch it. Um think about um sending it over radio waves or bluetooth. That might be a little bit uh expensive. Um And something like an L_C_D_ screen. Um uh like I said here um Maybe it's easy. It's nice as an added feature feature, that um, when you're on a certain channel, you can see on the L_C_D_ screen uh what programmes are coming up or From my point of view, yeah. Yeah, it has to be uh Yeah, our company is very uh good in making new innovative uh things. So i i i i To the current market. Look, you got some cheap uh remote controls there. They just uh Yeah, you got a dozen of 'em. But when you enter a new market with a remote control and uh wanna gain market share you have to do something special, I think. Yeah. Yeah, of course. But it's But but this is just from marketing uh aspect. I don't know anything about user interface or design. Mm uh I I don't think we have to be, we have to agree on that. Uh I think th that's a pha Yeah. That's a phase further. Ju just uh make some mock-ups, some some general ideas. And and then we can plan Yeah. We can plan further, I think. Mm yeah. I don't know. You decide. You're the Project Manager. Uh tha that's a same step further. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Like we all have a list of uh things that has to b that have to be in it, or how it has to be like. And then in the next meeting we decide w what it's gonna be. A And then you s then you can delete uh the o the obsolete uh details. I think. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Success?
Hello. Good morning. Uh before I start with the with the meeting I have a few things to tell you about the the setting we're in, uh because we're uh being watched by uh Big Brother. So um Yeah. Yeah. This uh These are cameras, so are these. This thing uh that looks like a pie, are actually all microphones. So you must be careful with uh with uh all this. And uh as I can see you uh you have placed your laptops uh exactly on the place where it must be. And that has to do with the camera settings, so we don't have our uh laptops in front of the cameras. And Indeed. So they can see our faces. Okay. Welcome at the kick-off meeting. My name is uh Danny Wolfs. Uh this is the agenda for today. Uh first a little opening. Uh I will introduce myself, uh and uh I think it's very uh good to introduce uh yourself. Uh then uh a little bit of acquaintance, acquaintance to uh to to ourselves. So uh we get to know each other. Uh that will be done uh with a tool training from the he these two uh smart boards. Then the project plan. What we're going to do, and how we're going to do it. Uh and discussion about that and a little closing at the end. Okay uh, my name is uh Danny Wolfs. I'm the Project Manager. What's your name? User interface, okay. Industrial, yes. Okay, thank you. First a little about the project aim. Uh the the the aim is to make a new remote control. Uh maybe you have read uh read the website. It's a very uh, yeah, very uh ambitious uh company. They uh they wanna do something else. I w Uh there must be a new remote control. Uh first of all uh it must be original, uh and trendy. That's two things really uh close to each other. But at the same time uh user-friendly. And they have uh Yeah, that's uh very important uh for them. Uh there are three stages. There is a functional design. So uh what are we going uh to uh to do? What are we going to uh uh make f uh kind of functions in the remote? And why are we going to do it? Then the conceptual design. How are going to do it? And that's uh really global. Uh because at the detailed design, how, part two, uh we go uh to dig in uh really about how the the te the technical of If it's uh it's possible technical-wise. Uh each stage is uh uh is broken up in two uh two stages, individual work and a meeting. So it's uh it's very straightforward. Okay, the tool training. We have two smart boards. This one is for the presentations, the PowerPoint presentations or the Word presentation of whatever you uh you had. Uh and this is uh only for uh drawing. So uh we uh must let it uh stand on this uh this programme. This is called a smart board thing uh Yeah, it speaks for itself. Um and as you uh may have heard, the documents in the shared folder uh can be uh showed on this screen. Not in y the the My Documents. So if you wanna show something, put it in the shared folder. Uh This uh is very straightforward, with the save, the print, the undo, the blank, the select, the pen. Well, I don't uh gonna explain it all, because I think you know uh how it works. Um we must not forget uh everything we draw on here, uh all must be saved. We we may not delete anything. So uh if you have uh drawn something, save it. Never delete it. That's a very important uh thing. Okay. Uh little uh little kinda exercise to uh know each other. At uh the white board on the left. Every uh every one of us uh must draw our favourite animal, and uh tell uh tell us why we uh had uh chosen that animal. Uh important is that we use different colours, and uh different pen widths. Widths. Widths. Yes? Yeah. No no no. It's uh it's uh I I I must do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. 'Cause we uh really don't know each other, and uh it's kinda new. So getting used to each other, we can uh have a little fun then, before we uh dig in really to the hard stuff. That kind of thing. Would you start with drawing your uh favourite animal? Okay, okay. Yeah, okay. Drawing goes with uh this thing. Do not touch your hand on uh this little uh thingy here. That's uh important. So hold it uh like this. Yeah, kinda. So, um You must p p uh push a little uh Good. Because And uh wait uh wait a few seconds. It's not uh fully real-time, so uh watch it. Oh yeah. Well I'm gonna paint in the red. Oh. That's the background colour. Well, undo. Um The pen? No. One minute please. Yeah, that's the one. Well, five. Okay. My favourite animal huh? Yeah, you can guess what it is. May uh paint uh next. No, it's not an orc. You don't see it uh at the ears? You have an orc at home? Thank you. So it's a cat. Simba. 'Cause uh we have a cat at home and he's called Simba. 'Cause he looks like the uh the the lion from The Lion King. So we uh found it kinda cool to uh name it after a lion. He's happy with us, so uh he's smiling. No, only the face. Because we have we have twen twenty five minutes. So we uh Yeah. Yeah. Okay, who wants to go next? Yeah? So choose a colour, choose a pen width and draw a Yeah. Save it, okay. Kind of firm touch. Yeah. Because uh my cat is red uh at home. And I have red hair, so uh must be red. It is a turtle. Why a turtle? Why? Tim? You watched it a lot? You watched it a lot? It's a scared turtle. Okay, Tim. Thank you. Jurgen, you want to go next? Format? And then you have the the current colour, you can change. So no red or green. And uh line uh width. I had five. Tim had Uh Tim, what kinda line width did you have? Okay. It's a dog. Okay. Why a dog? You have a dog at home? Had a dog? Yeah? Ah. You have an artistic uh inner middle. So I think you can see it's real uh really a easy programme to use. Not difficult at all. Okay, thank you. Janus? The last one? Yeah. After a cat, a turtle and a dog. I think he's gonna draw an elephant. Uh-oh. No. Better to draw with a with But what is he uh? Is it a rabbit? Do you have a rabbit at home? Is it a white rabbit f It's the white rabbit from The Matrix. Okay, then yeah. Okay. Finishing touch and then we're going further. Yeah? Yeah, a little. Well, I think the dog is the the most uh artistic. Don't choose for youself. That's selfish. Okay, now we're gonna dig into the to the serious stuff. Uh the selling price for the remote will be uh twenty five Euro, and the production cost uh may not be more than uh twenty and a half Euro. So uh from my point of view, I don't think it's uh gonna be very uh very high tech, high definition, uh ultra modern uh kinda remote, for twelve uh fift uh twelve and a half Euro. Uh the profit we must make with uh the new remote is uh fifty million Euro. So that's a lot. We have to sell uh a lot of uh Uh I think uh w when the selling price is twenty five, uh uh you got two million, two million remotes. But our marketing range is uh, market range is international. So we have uh virtually the whole world we can sell uh we can sell our r remotes to. At least that uh countries which have uh a television. Um So now it's time uh for us to uh going uh to discuss a little uh things. You can think about uh experience with a remote control uh yourself, at home. What you think might be uh a useful uh new feature. What uh what can distinguish our new trendy remote control from all the others. Um so uh let's uh let's uh discuss a little. I'm gonna join you at the table. Well what what's the most uh important thing at a remote control? Okay. So not a not a remote control who uh uh which can uh can be used for television and a D_V_D_ and radio and Or just only If you have them on uh I can uh Okay. Oh, in case you want it This is a dead kind of fly. Between the the the, yeah, the the uh Yeah, be The screens. No no no. Only All the drawings go there, at the left uh Oh, that pen drawings. Uh no, I think uh when it is uh in Word and you have saved it in the Shared Documents folder, you can show it there. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. So it be uh a multi-purpose uh very technically uh high uh remote? Yeah, it must be really uh innovative, technical-wise? Yeah. So yeah, I I agree with you. So we must focus on things who are really uh really add something to uh to Yeah. No. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. But we have to keep an eye that it's Uh at the beginning of such a project, it's it's it's very uh cool to talk about, well, this would be cool, that would be cool. Uh but we must not uh lose uh sight of the the user uh uh friendly uh Yeah okay. Yeah. Okay. And that's because we have him. Okay, uh next meeting will start in thirty minutes. So uh you uh will have uh individual actions where I presume uh will be some feedback, uh via the m the mail. Um the the the Industrial uh Designer has to uh look at the working design. Uh the User Interface Designer has to look at the technical functions. So that's the thing we uh discussed. Yeah? Okay. Um wha Yeah. Yeah. But maybe, because uh you are working on the user requirements, you are working on the technical functions, we uh must uh have a little or kinda uh uh uh How do you call it? Uh Uh a little plan on on what we're going to do. So you don't uh uh come up with the user requirements who don't fit the the the the technical functions at all. Some basic things we co we want to going to do. Uh I think that's well uh Yeah. Will come in handy. Okay. W He says Yeah. Well, th that's that's really a step further. But if you say uh is it uh uh one way or multi-purpose, that's a Why? Why? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So uh each individually i individually uh must think on what's uh at uh his point of view is the most important. And uh then we're going to fit uh all the pieces together the next meeting. I must finish off now, so it's over. You uh will receive specific specific instructions uh by your personal coach. And I see you in uh thirty minutes. Thank you. Be careful.
";"The participants introduced themselves and their roles to each other. The Project Manager introduced the aim of the project and gave a brief agenda for the entire project. He then introduced and explained how to use the meeting-room materials. The group acquainted themselves with the materials by drawing on the smartboard. The Project Manager presented the project budget and explained that the device would not be made very high-tech due to the small budget. He explained that the device would be sold internationally. The group discussed their initial ideas of features to include in the design; the Marketing Expert discussed usability features, such as the ability to control multiple devices and an LCD screen, to make the product unique. The Project Manager instructed the Industrial Designer to work on the working design and the User Interface Designer to research the technical functions. The group discussed the timing of when they would make decisions on the features discussed. "
"Hello. Hi. Yeah. It's too beautiful. A minute please, my uh laptop is uh oh, there it is, thank you. So welcome back. At the functional design meeting um the plan is uh that uh each one of you, so not me but only you uh will uh present uh the the things you worked on uh the last uh half hour. I will uh take minutes and will put uh the minutes that I have uh at the end of the session in the shared folder. Also the minutes of the previous session are also in the shared folder now, so you can read that uh now or afterwards. Um uh I had an email from the from the management board uh, I don't know if you a al also uh received it, but there were four points uh which uh I think are very important. First one is uh they think that uh teletext teletext becomes outdated uh and internet will be the the main uh focus. Uh second one is also important uh, because it's one of the discussion points of the previous session. Uh the remote control shou should onl only be used for the television, so it uh not gonna it's not gonna be a multi-purpose remote control, so uh that's one thing to keep in mind. Uh second, and I think that's important for the Marketing uh Expert, uh the current uh customers uh are in the age group group of uh forty years and older, but with this uh new remote uh they uh will uh would like to reach uh a group uh younger than uh forty. Uh and uh I think to keep in mind, but not really uh for now is that they uh want the the the slogan and the and the logo uh to uh to be recognised more in the remote. So, we have uh forty minutes, so I think uh not more than ten minutes uh uh per presentation uh each, and please uh use uh all the the the facilities so that you have either SMARTboards, the the Word files, what you uh whatever you want. So uh Tim, can you start? Yeah? Mm-hmm. But it's strange that the the manage board the management board said that the teletext will be uh outdated by the internet. So that that's strange. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's a cool idea. Yeah. Thank you, Tim. Janus, can you uh Okay, thank you Janus. You do? The last presentation. You have plenty of time, Tim and uh Janus don't uh talk to ten minutes, so uh take your time. If you take your time too long I will uh eventually uh warn you. Uh you you just said um uh you wanted to to combine more functions in one, so uh you you want to keep it simple, but I think that if you want to do that, then you can't escape the the fact that there will be buttons uh which give s uh more options than one. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Mm-hmm. So you think it's will be better to have a t kinda total touch screen. Jirun? Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Okay. But let's not uh go too wide about the those things, that's that why we're here. It's it's a nice idea, but I think that's we wel later in the stage. I've one little question about um a total touch screen or uh um a p yeah, a partial, uh because I think uh elderly people may be uh not used to uh a touch screen, so they want the the the normal functions like teletext, volume changing, um uh to be uh, yeah, kinda traditionals uh and uh the the the the other functions, the more difficult functions uh to be uh maybe on the touch screen, but to keep this as uh normal as possible, to keep it accessible. Yeah. Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, that's true, yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah, yeah, that's a good point. Yep. Mm-hmm. They like the fancy stuff, yeah. That's true. Mm-hmm. Mm Yeah. Okay, as you can see uh the minutes from the second meeting, this one, are uh are done. Uh I've uh added the this uh four things from the management board just to keep in mind. Um each time I uh I had a sort of uh summary on what you told and uh what you personal think. Uh so that can be uh can be read out. Uh a f a few things I uh I noticed uh were um Moment. Ooh. Uh th the the main points in uh this uh uh in this uh meeting is I think uh how uh it's going to look uh with uh we must keep it simple, but have the opportunity to uh have more options and have them uh hidden or something, so they don't uh you don't have a big uh thing full of uh buttons or uh um and uh the point that uh you uh wanna use one uh controller uh for uh uh hypothetically each television, so you must uh the the the the functions, know, like the menus or the the parental control must be all uh by the done by the remote control and not by the television. I think that's the point what uh we discussed. Yeah, but you have uh uh an yeah, but you have an international market range, so you have I think a big range of Yeah. Okay. And it's not too complex to do it. Yeah. Just build it in. Yep. Okay. We have five minutes to go. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. N yeah. It's very sensitive. Yeah. Okay well uh it's almost at the end. So we have now a lunch break, finally, yeah. Uh after the lunch break uh it's back to uh individual work, once again uh thirty minutes. Uh I will put my minutes uh I have updated them so uh s they're updated in the shared folder too. Thirty minutes, the Failure. Uh uh the specifi uh specific instructions for the next uh meeting you will all will receive uh at the uh the the email. I don't think I can uh say much about it, so uh uh wait for your email and uh hopefully you get it done uh in the in the thirty minutes, and I w will see you after the lunch break and the thirty minutes. Yeah? Uh well uh thirty minutes. Uh, yeah. Thirty minutes lunch break, yeah. Oh. Forty five? Uh then would it be uh one o'clock. Or we we ask our personal coach. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, uh that was a very uh good session I think, we uh we Uh ye well Yeah, because uh all uh things are uh stored in smart board dot uh X_D_K_ and that's in No. Well I can I can uh You all uh have the the questionnaire again about uh the after work. Deskt Huh. No. Project documents, yeah. Okay, thank you. Uh well, it's it's simply filling oh no, it's uh it's also filling out no, I'd do it after lunch I think. I'm hungry, so do it after lunch. Thank you all. You're welcome. Yeah. Well I bring it to my uh personal room. My executive uh big room with the with the panting.
Hi. Yeah, true. Mm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yes, I can go ahead. Last presentation. Okay. Well, I'm going to give a presentation abut some of the technical functions of these design and uh usability functions. Um what's my opinion about what's most important to combine the design, technical possibilities and the user friendliness in one, so if you um going to design a remote that looks good, that shouldn't weigh over the uh if it's possible to make, of course, but also the user friendliness, so tha that's that's some of the main points. And another one is um the use um of many functions will will make it more difficult, so use as as little functions as possible or at least don't display them all at once on the same remote. If you have fifty functions you don't want fifty buttons uh t uh to be shown at the same time, 'cause when you visit an internet uh site you don't want fifty links uh to see, but maybe use a hierarch hierarchy uh structure. And uh well one of the ideas was maybe uh use touch screen, but s I don't know in how far that is possible, since we are sticking to uh um infrared and and the remote cannot receive anything, but uh we might uh consider that. Um well, of course I I hope this is all clear to you. If you you can use remote like this with all the functions, many functions, but Well, your thumb is a little bigger than th it than this. You have to be very careful what you push, and um if you're looking for teletext you'll be uh searching for half an hour from uh um yeah well, where is it? Where the hell he here I guess and, yeah, when you have to uh use something else. So just keep it simple, make clear buttons, easy to use. For example if you want to use a play and back and stop, that's very important. Um well this was because of our last discussion, if multiple machines are used, create easy switch between the machines, but um it's no longer uh applying. Well yeah, I prefer to use it only for T_V_ and um n uh not to give too many options and and if possible, uh the buttons should give a dr direct action, not first select Yeah, and so that's where the difficulties lie. Yeah, this so that's the thing you have to weigh against each other. Do we want to use a few options and might not be so or original, or uh multi-purpose as we thought, or do we want to use um many buttons. So um weighing those factors. The doesn't. Yeah. Yeah, but when all the questions I had Do we want to use uh a menu display on the T_V_? Or um does have to f everything uh be in remotes? 'Cause if you use a memory display on the T_V_, you can simply push uh a more menu and then select the options you want to have and press okay. Uh so that's my recommendation, if you use many options in one buttle button, um display the menu on the T_V_ and don't um use combination of t of two buttons at the same time or pressing buttons three times for five seconds, is too complicated for most users. Yeah, that will be a problem. Yes. So if we have to stick with current technologies and uh um well yeah, the restrictions of what's uh is on the market today, um you should keep it s at this. Use big clear buttons. Not too many. So maybe we'll loose a few option uh options, but I think i this is more important. Um especially the important buttons, um if you want to switch channel, change your volume, uh use teletext, it uh it has to work at once and more advanced options may be put it s somewhere away on the remote, behind uh a little uh little thing or a touch screen. And yeah, if you want to uh uh s put on stand-by or change the channel, that should always be possible to do. Not first change menu options or switch something. Um, well yeah, as you already told, give some feedback. If the user is pushing a button he should know if the television or n at least remote is reacting and not just that the batteries may be low. And um, well, my conclusion is uh is uh less is more, keep it simple. So uh maybe we should just ease down on the functionality to uh to keep it accessible on t because you all know, if there are a lot of function on the the television, some you you'll never know uh and never use, and therefore it's uh important if you want to change the volume or channel that is always accessible and easy and other functions um that are not so important um well you we should consider just not using them or at least putting them somewhere on the remote where they're not in the way for the for the most important functions. Maybe that's an option. Um keep the primary buttons visible. Uh make a remote that fits easily in the hands and for some design issues uh well, put a logo on it and maybe use it uh in some aesthetic uh aesthetic form. But uh th the important buttons m make them always accessible and pushable and clear and maybe use a touch screen, or if that's uh will become too difficult just uh like televi some o older telephones use a l uh maybe it's possible to to flip them open and uh just expand the number of options that are normally visible. Um Yeah. The extra functions, you uh you just see a menu from system functions or teletext functions, and you just choose one, and then all all the options will become available and you just c s yeah t scroll through them. Well um then I'd like to make a proposal. If you make one big touch screen, use the same concept as here, keep the buttons always available and use the lower part of the touch screen for the rest. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Okay, I agree, but I think it's very important that they always um make the same buttons accessible, so use just for special options a part of the touch screen. And so um an elder designer picks up th the of an elder parents or grandparent picks up the remote from the little child and who's all in the systems functions, you'll have to have the possibility to turn off the T_V_ or to switch the channel without um well using all the menu structures to get back to the primary functions. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah wh Is that possible to use or no? Well, yeah well, does it have to depend on the television? Well, I think that he means that um maybe by some option uh make sure that um remote control and the T_V_ match, and then after that you can um use some s insert some passwords as being apparent that the children cannot use this uh change the settings of the T_V_, like colour and then volume and uh Mm-hmm. Oh, something like that. Well b but make it a separate option in the menu, so that it's it's dif dis displayed from uh displayed here, so uh parents uh Yeah, you can de display it on the on the old style. You can display actual buttons on the touch screens. Yeah, okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Well you can use um when you uh how do you call it, s um synchronized, the um remote and the T_V_, then there's always, there are always uh possibilities to change the colour and the brightness and the volume and um well maybe we can look out if there's options that the remote um in its memory can see what kinda T_V_ it is, from ah, it's a Philips, this and this and that, and then give the options that are capable the capable from the t Well there are universal d um um remotes and they all have a functionality for all the T_V_s, uh so this wouldn't be a extra feature to incorporate the men menus of these. Yeah. Yeah. Well Yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh um mo no, you can just say uh the c Yeah. In codes, y you you get a b a book with codes. You look up, I have a Philips H_ fifty five and it says press code four five five and you press code four five five on the uh in the remote and it displays all your uh menu options. Memory in the in the remote. Yeah, well um if you look at the um manuals from universal uh remotes, there are maybe um three four hundreds T_V_s at maximum. If you have all of them, all the old and new T_V_s summed up, so uh I think uh it is possible. Yeah. Well then you have to buy a new one, it's very good for marketing Maybe, or an update, software update. Firmware update, you say. Yeah. Well, at uh you can go back to the shop and uh they Yeah, ser o and they can download it for you. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well already digital information is sent t to the the standards, T_V_ uh connections, you can see what's uh programme is on on the new uh channels, so maybe j they we can send that information along with standard T_V_ uh Receiving. Oh yeah. Yeah. Difficult. Yeah. Yeah yeah, uh s I think some I think it's good idea, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's uh save this in the meanwhile uh Um m for which one are we going? My mistake. That one or uh Your vote and your Okay. Well, I was uh doubting about which one to take, but uh you've convinced me that uh if you di display buttons about the same as they would look on a normal um remote all elderly people will know what to do. Opens up is too difficult or uh Break it, I don't get Oh so Yeah. Yeah. A quarter to one maybe? Okay. Yeah, is it possible to store this on the share documents or what 'Kay, save it as an image on the res No, and use an image if possible. J_ PEG. J_ PEG. Yeah, it's better Yeah. Oh yeah, it's not connected to the to our P_C_s. It's connected? Yeah. It gives the na Oh. Yes. The questionnaire, fill in uh we fill out d after lunch or uh Okay. Yes. We can leave the P_C_ on I think, yeah and return to the Yeah, bring to I gotta bring it home. A big office. Yes.
Hey guys. Too wicked. Okay. 'Kay, welcome. I have some uh new findings on uh Marketing Expert level, which I will show you. The method I used was um giving orders to our usability lab uh to do a questionnaire. Um one hundred respondents were involved and my marketing uh department generated a report with a lot of results. Um, these were a couple of findings, first page of three. Um, we have three audiences of two audiences, I'm sorry. Uh the first one, this scale, from sixteen to forty five age. Uh the second one is from sixty four uh forty six to sixty five. Um, as you can see here, the market share for the first audience is about sixty percent um sixty five. Uh second audience audience is uh thirty five percent. Mm and some interests from the from the age groups, uh it seems like the young users of remote controls really like the fancy uh new technology stuff, like uh an L_C_D_ screen on the remote control, um speech recognition. I don't think that's uh really appropriate. Um, and when you see uh the audience, the age is going up uh Yeah, they don't really want it anymore, at least the new technologies. Second findings out of the questionnaire um are the opinion the opinions uh of the audience about current remote controls. First point is, seventy five percent of the users find the most repo remote controls very ugly, uh and eighty percent of the users would spend more money when a remote control would look fancy. So that's maybe something for the User Interface uh Designer. Okay, third findings. According to the frequency of use versus importance investigation, um following buttons are most important. Um, I will tell something about the way this uh this test was, yeah, done. Um, persons were asked uh what the buttons were uh they use most, how much an hour, and uh in the second table the importance of those buttons. Um, when you multiply them, you get the these three points. Switching channels, um yeah, that's pretty uh pretty normal, that's what you do with a remote control. Um the second, teletext, uh and the third, uh volume controls. Um, I think it's good uh that we know what the user want wants, uh at least the these three points have to be uh very clear. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay, but uh at the moment uh teletext is Yeah, th the best thing you can get uh on T_V_, like getting information. So uh, when you ask people, what do they use, they use teletext and not the internet on a remote control. That's ridiculous. That's a ne i it It's a new technology, but it's not incorporated right now. Okay, my personal preferences. Um, I think we should aim at the uh audience from sixteen to forty five. Mm, first of all um it's the biggest share, the biggest audience, sixty five percent. Uh second, I think you will get the most revenue from i from it. Um, yeah, people from sixteen to forty five watch a lot of T_V_, more than uh people who are el uh elder. Um second point, we have to impro improve the most used functions, as I said here, switching channels, teletext and volume controls. Third point um that came out of the uh of the questionnaire, uh people used to uh get lost off the remote controller, so maybe it's an idea for us uh to design ex kind of placeholder uh on side of the, yeah, of the T_V_ where you can put the the remote control in. Um, that's about it, I think. Yeah. Uh not not the r not the functions, but uh it came out that a lot of buttons weren't even used uh on a remote control. So you can have a remote control full of buttons, a hundreds hundreds of buttons, but if you don't use them, yeah it's Yeah, they have to be on it j just to t to get it done if necessary, but um the most used buttons uh have to be bigger or Yeah, perhaps. Just for the minor functions perhaps. Just to get less buttons on the remote control, to make it easier and quicker to learn. Yeah? 'Kay, that's it. What do you think about uh incorporating Bluetooth or a radio uh receiver uh in the place-holder next to the T_V_, connected to the T_V_? So it's in the wrong product. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, yeah, maybe another problem uh, I think current T_V_s can even send infrared. Huh. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm it's maybe an option uh if you use an L_C_D_ or a touch screen um, that in the middle are the the main keys, like displayed on the Uh yeah.. Yeah, this? No? Yeah. Something like that. Okay, just uh in the middle the general functions, like play, uh channel switching, and then uh at the top or at the bottom, some menus like uh settings or that you can drop down. Mm. Nah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I think so too, but and that's partly because um uh a lot of T_V_s have different menus, and when you have a particular menu uh at your device, uh it could be that don't correspond to the menu what's actually on T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I think the idea uh about uh touch screen um is very good. Um, because recently uh I saw news item on T_V_ um about uh new telephones uh for elder people. Um, they have like a touch screen with uh really big pictures on it like uh uh call uh hang-up, um and that's a big ad advantage I think, because one the one hand uh you make the remote control compatible for elder users just by uh scaling up the pictures or something. It's uh very visual intended. What was I to say more? Yeah. Yeah okay, but but if you pick the the idea, the left idea then what's gonna be displayed on the touch screen? Yeah, but l like menu functions or Ah okay. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, of course. Yeah, I had another uh idea about maybe parental control. Um, like building in uh some kind of PIN code uh which allows uh parents to switch to all channels, uh but children uh if children don't don't know the PIN code, they can't switch to uh violent uh channels or Th there's just Ju just a simple log-in, something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yeah, th that kind of stuff, but maybe um if you log in first as a parent um, you address the the channels and like uh oh, that's channel fifteen, that's uh vi violent channel, uh m my ki my kids uh I don't want my kids to watch that, then you set the priority to only parents, for example. But Yeah okay, but but yeah, that's just that's an a an added feature. Yeah, th th those things are nice. Partial. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but but if you display it on L_C_D_ screen with r r really big numbers that's just as e just as easy. Yeah. Yeah, it's different. Yeah, age b below forty. And th those young people, yeah. Y you saw it in my marketing report, they like the new fancy stuff, so A touch screen, like Microsoft al already developed something like that for uh uh multi-media applications. I th I think we can do that too. Done. Yeah, yeah, some of them. The menus uh are not identical for all th for all T_V_s, so you have to display it on one uh T_V_. Yeah, but that's not possible. Mm-hmm, mm yeah. Add th that that's an opportunity. Yeah. But No. No no no. He he he he me he means just just one other thing. Uh, with the current remote controls, the universal ones, um you have to press yeah, you have to press a code for T_V_. Yeah. Yeah. Now we uh just connect uh the T_V_ type uh to a set of options, in just just in the memory, so that if you yeah, like profile, so that if you uh touch in like uh one four one zero kind of T_V_ uh the memory uh pops up the options. I th don't think that's uh that takes a lot of storage space or some just varia variables. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But, on the other hand on the other hand, uh if you have a remote and buy a new T_V_ that isn't incorporated in the remote New remote? A firmware upgrade or something, but from where? Ah. Maybe w No m may no, maybe we can incorporate some kind of uh U_S_B_ or a firewire connection, so that you can uh connect it to the P_C_ and download the newest firmware from uh from the internet. Yeah, like a s kind of service centre. Yeah. Yeah. I I think it's uh most cheap or cheapest to just do the updates uh at the service centre or at the shop. It's it's it's not a lot of work, just one uh docking station where you put it in, press start, bling bling, updated. Yeah. You don't buy a T_V_ every week, new teev so. Let's vote. My vote too. And your vote? Yeah. And also like a clapping uh li like device that uh pops open. Uh too difficult, um maybe uh it's easier to break it. Yeah, th th th that i uh Yeah. Like my telephone, it's uh it's sensitive too. Ah. Thirty minutes? How minutes? One question, uh how late do we have to get back be back here? Thirty minutes lunch break? I thought forty five. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, me too. Save as. Yeah, v But but you can open a from your pr from your laptop. Yeah, maybe. Save as. No. Export. Export H_T_M_L_. Huh, image? Paper size A_ four. Uh screen size. In this directory. No? Yeah, it is connected. Yeah, I think so. Oh. Thank you. Yeah, of course. To my exave executive Aye. Yeah. Okay.
Hi. I see my bunny is still standing. No one drawing it. Uh I figured uh that much. When you mentioned uh improving functions, what uh what do you mean by that what what are you think about? Uh, the funtionability. Ah okay, so focusing more on the used buttons. Yeah. Could you use perhaps uh one button for multiple functions, like example pressing it in longer makes it switch to an different function for example. Thank you. Yeah, ma perhaps, just just an idea. Yeah. Uh yeah yeah, I'll go, sure. Right uh, I'll be uh explaining a bit about uh working design about uh the project. Well uh what I did was I dissected uh uh current remote controls and um I viewed how how they w looked, how they worked, uh what kind of components are involved, and how they are connected together. And uh after that I put up a scheme about how uh these things are organised and I'll show it to you in in a in a few seconds. And I'll explain a bit about uh how it works and how we could uh build one and why I think several possibilities uh that we discussed in the earlier meeting falls off. Um right. Uh well what I did was uh I I checked uh remote controls and the uh remote controls of today are all infrared, not like all probably know. And the thing about that is um the remote controls uh have to act as a T_V_ or uh a stereo or something, and those uh have a transmitter that's also focused on infrared, so if we want to uh build uh mm a remote control uh with Bluetooth for instance then uh the T_V_ should have Bluetooth too in order to communicate, so that would mean extra cost for the user and thus uh that's that wouldn't mean a a cheap uh remote control for us. So that's probably why most controls are still infrared. Furthermore they all have uh a a very simple structure, so that would probably uh mean lower costs and uh i that could mean for us a good thing uh 'cause uh well we we should be able to build a relatively cheap uh a cheap uh remote. Well uh as I mentioned ready, we have some Bluetooth Well it may be possible, but uh I figured it wouldn't be possible in within our budget, but that's not for me to decide, but that's maybe something for marketing to look into. F because uh well my personal opinion is uh is not to do uh Bluetooth or or radio waves, although Yeah, actually I have t Yeah. Yeah, I actually I figured that would be that would be rather nice, but then you'd still have the uh the infrared function. So in in theory you'd actually just move the problem, but uh what I did uh think about was when you mentioned about the uh the cup-holder, is why not uh introduce a speech function like where is the remote. If somebody says, where is the remote, then it goes uh beep uh beep beep beep or something, I dunno, maybe uh maybe something to look into, I dunno uh what the cost that something like that would be. But it may be uh may be something to explore. Uh I'll I'll just explain a bit of the components. Uh first you have the energy source. The energy source would be a battery, simple uh battery uh that you can find anywhere. I figured that would be best, 'cause when the battery uh stops functioning uh we could just uh use you could just go out and buy a new one. So we didn't and we don't have to do all uh to be too complicated about that. Uh the energy source is connected to the infrared button, but uh the infrared button uh works only via the chip and the subcomponent to uh the switch there is a switch uh between these. When the switch is pressed in a w on this this case it switches a button, when a button is prush pushed in, uh a electric current goes through here, and in uh immediately, a l a bulb lights up uh displaying to the user that something has happened. That's uh that's so the h user won't be um thinking, well uh did the button be pressed, w what happened uh. Or I press button but nothing's happening on the T_V_, so is is something wrong or something. So that's just to uh to to explain the of to to uh make it clearer to the user. Uh w well the signal goes via chip that's translated into uh electric sig uh electronic signals and then it's processed and then it's sent to the infrared bulb where it will be uh uh received on the receiving end. And those uh interpreted by the device, well in this case the television. Uh well my personal preferences here, well we have to keep it simple. Not too many uh gadgets and functions, just like you said uh well the most users n uh you have a lot of buttons and you u u use you don't use them, so why why should we invent uh w spend more time on those. Uh I I think we should stick by with infrared transmitting and uh no receiving. So uh no input from the television. So I think we shouldn't be uh spending time on um teletext and st things like that, because when you uh want teletext on uh infrared you'd have to build in a receiver too, and so in order to receive the signals from uh what's on T_V_ and such. So I figure that would be uh spending too much money and time and Yes, but what should we uh s I I I f I agree with you, but should we spend money or and time on building a receiver into the uh remote control? 'Cause that would be I mean extra components, extra designs, um larger g uh remote control. These all uh all stuff that we have to take in account. So I I my personal opinion is no no no receiver at all. Um, well we should uh look into the design and the functionability. Like I said, uh use one button for instance for m multiple functions, or well uh just hide the few buttons o of switching it open or something, the usual uh stuff. And uh don't overbuild, we shouldn't make a big uh remote control for simple functions, but we we should stick to the basics. So that was my uh my personal opinion. And that was my uh my presentation uh Yeah, but Yeah. Yeah, but Yeah, but Well you d you have to keep in mind that uh several T_V_s uh don't even have a menu structure, or they have a very simple menu structure, so you have to keep in mind that not all uh d not our remote won't be able to work on all televisions. And that would be uh a considerable problem. Yeah. Not embed Yeah, but then with something like a touch screen could could make more menu up pop up or something. Yeah. Yeah. The extra functions. Yeah. Wouldn't it be better to make just one big touch screen, uh one one small uh touch screen uh applet and uh I'll just make um uh let's say fifteen buttons on it, and uh we have three of those, uh actually just uh menus with sub-menus, with or sub-items, sub-functions. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, like like the iPod idea that that we just saw. You just have a f a few selected buttons and uh a few menus, and with this idea you could actually make uh several you can also improve uh later on. Uh uh I think that will be great. Yeah, I wou I would actually go for the Yeah. That is possible, that well that actually depends on the television, but I think I figure that would be Well, y you s you see the fi uh thing is when you buy a remote, you you set the uh channels, the the channels are different on each te television, they aren't set in a preset order, so uh if you uh lock on a remote, uh let's say channel fifteen, well channel fifteen on this television is different than channel fifteen on the other television, so that would be uh that would be actually the main concern. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that would b Yeah, that. Uh. I I do Uh I do agree, because well, it's just not the same when you touch a touch screen or when you touch a button, but well we have to look at what's our target uh audience. W we are aiming for younger people and they they chose So that's that's probably uh a But they Well they uh they all have to be programmed to fit your T_V_ and that that is bit of a tricky job. I actually use one of those when They are they are kinda kinda troublesome, but but the thing is whe when you uh start uh building something like this you have to build a receiver into the uh t into the remotes, because uh in order for the remote to process something from the T_V_, like uh to synchronise and you have to send and receive, and that's well Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Oh, okay, yeah, sure, uh Yeah yeah yeah. Oh, yeah yeah, sure, that would be possible, yeah. Profiles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that would be possible. Yeah, sure. No, that wouldn't be uh Yeah, a few variables. Yeah. Ah it is. It is definitely po Yeah, firmware upgrade. That's maybe the cup holder. Yeah. Well, not everybody has uh has uh a P_C_ at home. Well the most most people have, but not not everybody and Yeah. Yeah, maybe something like service cen Or you could well you could s actually look at the place-holder you talked about earlier, and you could probably uh make a connection to uh an telephone line or a internet connection. Yeah. Well then then it's be uh back to the building a receiving uh well uh if it's actually worth it to build it in, we could actually look at into it, but I dunno, it it would be uh bringing more costs uh with with it and Yeah, that would be probably best, yeah. Like when you when you buy a T_V_ you just ask well I'll Yeah. Yeah, that would be best, yeah. No no. Exactly, so Yeah, my vote goes out to the right. Flips open. Export. Maybe not export function. G_ yeah, J_ PEG. N oh. To room. I'll just uh saved in my documents. Yeah in my own uh in my own messenger. Yeah. Okay, nice. Aye, cheers.
";When this functional design meeting opens the project manager tells  the group about the project restrictions he received from management by email. The marketing expert is first to present, summarizing user requirements data from a questionaire given to 100 respondents. The marketing expert explains various user preferences and complaints about remotes as well as different interests among age groups. He prefers that they aim users from ages 16-45, improve the most-used functions, and make a placeholder for the remote. The industrial designer begins explaining the working design. He talks about existing products, most of which use infared since it is simple and cost-effective. He suggests adding a speech function, when someone asks where the remote is and it beeps. He also explains the various components, materials, and energy sources of a remote, giving preference to a remote with multifunctional buttons and without a receiver. The interface specialist presents, talking about the possible components of the remote and concluding that the remote should be simple and accessible without too much functionality. The group continues the meeting by having discussion about the possibility of a touch screen, LCD, and other functions. The group closes the meeting and goes to lunch. 
"Hello. Um, Project Manager, I have something to tell you. I have a little problems with my laptop. And uh s s s so I had a little less time to complete. No, a little problem, uh big problem. I just thought Um, it didn't work anymore. The entire Windows uh It it hung. During lunch, yeah. He's the master, yeah. Wow. Oh, have you considered the option of using a solar panel? W nah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Th th yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Yeah. Um, I think you should use kinetic as a back-up. A combination, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Psycho-kinetic. Yeah. Buy a fifty cents battery and uh Well maybe I have something in my presentation to uh to cope with that. Um, isn't possible to make combination with kind of rubber is or bendable remotes where you've got a. Or do you think it Rubber casing, yeah. Yeah. Um, well d Maybe I can ask it right now the question that I have. Uh, is it possible uh of is it necessary to make a touch-screen square? It isn't, I think, yeah? We're We put fashion in electronics, so maybe we can uh Mm yeah. Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah. Okay, I I get it. Okay. That's good. Well, as long a as long as it's it's uh it's firm, and you don't uh it's not bendable or something, I th I think that goes too far. Oh. Okay. It might even bounce back when you drop it on the floor. Okay. Do your thing. Spongeball. It'll float. Tables. Ah. Hey. Twelve fifty uh When your parents are watching some boring program, you can take the remote and do something else. Take it. Ooh. S Mm-hmm. In Okay. Um the interface contents. Well that's a just simple PowerPoint mock-up I want to m make it more as dynamic for you so I'll draw there. But, the main concept is um take one big touch screen. Um, always display the primary buttons clear and visible. Maybe even li like this with uh u uses of a lot of space. And uh make the menu structure changeable. So if you press um system, that's Yeah, well m multiple system options can, maybe five or ten or or one, can fit in. Or maybe even a step further when you want to um t um have some other options that are not programmable with one horizontal button. And um other buttons can may be displayed here if that's necessary. And um well, how do uh do we want to look at uh uh f um Yeah Does a remote look Well, it's you've gotta hold it in one hand. So um the middle like all remotes have to be in a little bit small, so you can put it in inside your hands. And some remotes you can use with your thumb. But I think that's too difficult for this one. So you can make it s a little broader. Yeah. And here? And maybe use your thumb on the on the main buttons. And use your other hands on the menu structure. So here are gonna be the program buttons. One, two, three, four, et cetera. And the the volume control and program control maybe. And, down here, um, I added, this could be one uh big L_C_D_. Um, the menu structure. So you can use it in uh in this way. Um One thing you've gotta keep in mind, keep the remote clear of too much functions at the same time. Um, know that if you are changing the menu structure here, um And well, I still believe you should keep displaying the buttons. But if you're programming the colour of the T_V_, do not display twenty other options that are possible. Just keep it as simple as uh as possible. And do not use too many levels. Do not have to select a screen first and then brightness and then colour and un-plus, and um push plus twenty times. But just the um uh just in one button if possible. And um, well, you kn you all know the T_V_ levels. Um, channel one, two. And when you get to n to uh to ten, ye and want to go back, uh well you have a problem. Just m most most modern T_V_s, you you press one zero, and it goes to ten. And else, to one and through after that. So the s a button less. And um, things like teletext, put them in the menu. Things like um um Yeah. Yeah, yeah w Yeah, I I find I must trying to uh tell it. Is uh volume plus and minus? And this is program uh plus and minus. Uh Yes. Or if you're watching Studio Sports on uh on seventeen, and your wife is watching some soap on two Well yes, I think that's a good idea. But um, well m my preference would to be put it in the menu structure. And if you're using that button a lot of times, well of course the menu will still be displayed on the screen. You just don't have to play games uh in-between. But if you're really switching between two channels, you won't have time uh to d use the other options. Um, yeah already already told that. Yeah. That's my conclusion. Well, I agree, just put it in the menu structure somewhere. Um, yeah um system properties, um parental control. Yeah. Mm. Um, w well, yeah. It it has to be fast. You don't want to to go down and watch the news at eight o'clock and turn it on and wait twenty seconds for for uh the log-on screen and then remember your code and all kinds of settings. Mm-hmm. Why Mm-hmm. You c may use like when there's uh X_P_, uh a simple log-on, d you just push uh one or two or three. And if you push parents, then Yeah. To log in. Yeah. And if you puts a ye Uh-huh. And if you w you push p children, uh you don't have to uh log in, but you can only watch uh children's channels or uh Okay. Well Yeah. Well, maybe um some idea on that. Just make through a remote as it is, but make an option to insert profiles, 'cause if my grandad would buy this remote, he wouldn't want to bother with all all the all the uh things to do. Just make it an option in menu, ins install powerful profiles or something. Um, b well, still some question I have about how to incorporate those ones. You're thinking about some channels they uh cannot see, but well, I I when I think, oh yeah, for the f for all the standard channels, and only for maybe after ten o'clock uh in the evening violent films and movies uh will come and uh maybe maybe some some timing uh will be uh needed instead of uh of channels, because if you're watching uh, I don't know, you're in the at day uh, cartoons will come up m on maybe Friday night. I don't know. Yeah, the disadvantage vantage is that someone will has to send all the show-view numbers of the programs that they remotes and edit it all, will have to decide uh That isn't possible. Well, yeah you could say if parental control is only it it'll go from fourteen to sixteen with the page-up then, but Mm-hmm. Yeah, on a separate menu uh option. Yeah, well yeah, I A mail too from management that it's very popular to use voice recon recognition. But I don't think when you're watching T_V_ uh, hearing loud noises from the T_V_, someone screaming one, and you f the channel switches, uh Yeah. Yeah. W you can put it on chip anyway, so uh As long as it's isn't a primary feature of the remote, but uh Optional in But how we do it? Well, I think also it's a good idea, buts very difficult to incorporate. So we should make it too complex. Is t some menu uh function, you choose parental control, and maybe four files will emerge from menu where put it on. But uh how how it's gonna work uh uh will f be a problem. Mm-hmm. Well Ye I I think best would be uh to put it in and make it an menu option. You can put on Yeah. And you can just uh s when you buy it, you can select um personal preference, parental control on, and the password or something. Oh, it's a p Yeah. Well, maybe you just have to restrict it to what programs, where the parent says, you cannot watch channel seven, nine, and ten, and you cannot watch all channels after ten o'clock. And there's just some little uh clock in the remote. No, no, it's very simple. There uh th I h I've seen some of remotes who have a clock in it. So, the remote does doesn't transmit when it's after twelve clock. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's To put it very blunt, that's not our problem. Just have um the parents buy uh some glue and uh It's not not a part of the remote. You have to f Yeah. Uh, or make it ourselves very diffic Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Oh. Yeah? I'm listening. Um, well What I was thinking about is just a menu structure, when you don't use it is simple. And when you push uh system properties, uh entire list pops up with e ev all kind of f stuff you can program. Som some bench-marker. Oh. Uh, logo. Yeah? Yeah. Yeah. Well, you can show somebody a logo for point five seconds, they'll still remember it. And it it l linger on every time you see it. Very annoying. Yeah. Yeah, I It's ok For f Oh, for the next meeting, right? Um Stay here and P_. Ah, no new email. Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much. Yeah. Uh-huh. See you. Yeah. Here? Or uh Yeah. If you got a No. So Stupid manager. No. Don't get what's
Hey, Project Manager. What was it, problem? The laptop? It hang hung. Ha-ha. Oh. Project Manager. You're our Project Manager. Master. Master of I'm sorry. Okay. Go on. Yeah but when the power gets low, you have to shake it or something? Uh, and uh uh Hmm. Mm yeah. It's too less space. And when the battery doesn't work, I usually shake it too. So Like slamming on it. It's exactly the same. Hmm. But, are you going to draw it? The Yeah. Yeah. Uh, I c I can't imagine. I can't imagine how how how it looks like. Yeah. Design. Mm-hmm. Uh Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Well, I think uh we're going to sell tell ten millions of them. So uh I bet a big company in uh Korea or Taiwan, like uh Samsung, can give us uh a big discount on the chips, so U usually, chips are uh aren't more expensive than one dollar. So That that shouldn't be a real issue, I think. Yeah, a combination. Yeah. Like an uh aku uh Acu uh, yeah. Well,. Yeah. Combine them. Okay. Of course. Fifty cent. Rubber. Rather hard. Yeah. Well, I think that touch-screens are generally square. But it's the case you put around it that makes the shape. Hmm? Yeah okay, but if you have a square uh L_C_D_ screen, and you put a case around it that has uh like bulbs or that that covers part of the L_C_D_ screen. That That's it's custom customisable and Yeah, me too. Mm yeah. Yeah. Can I uh do my thing? It uh Expert map. Okay uh Last week I went to uh Paris and Milan for some trend-watching. For marketing. Our research and development department and I went to Paris and Milan. In Paris and Milan, we uh asked different people, uh differing in age and in income, uh the amount of money to spend, um what they like in design uh and material nowadays. Findings. Our main audience, uh so that's people below forty, uh prefer the following. At first, the colours of fruit. Very basic colours, like Janus explained. Um, fresh colours, uh green, red, uh strawberry red, uh yellow, banana yellow. Um, considering material, um Yeah. They like spongy material, like yeah a sponge-ball. Like a s soft material. Janus m uh mentioned it also. I think he did some uh some findings himself. You wer you weren't in Paris? Okay. Like this. Like big uh g flashy colours. Fresh. It's nice, I think. Okay, our secondary audience, uh people above forty a forty years in age, they like the dark traditional colours. Uh Yeah, uh materials like wood that No n j just j just a w No, okay, but just just a wooden uh look. Like uh you have those fake uh fake panels on the floor. The that isn't wood anyway, but Okay? But, that's our secondary audience. So, uh we decided to take mm yeah the people below forty. So, that this doesn't apply. 'Kay, the third. Uh, there're some overall thoughts about new remote controls. They have to look fancy. Um, they should be technological in innovative. That means uh there have to be fancy things in. Uh, and easy to use. But that's common. My personal preferences. We have to aim at a mu at the main audience. And uh, therefore use fresh colours. Uh, I'll I'll come to that in a second point. Here, think about removable covers, as seen in mobile telephon telephone market. To customise your own remote control. Like the Nokia uh the removable covers, uh just put a red on it and go to the shop and buy a green one. Uh, a third, material being used uh could well be stuff like rubber. Um, two advantages. Uh, it fits within the current market trends. And uh it adds safety to your remote uh when you drop it. So Uh to come back to your question, I think uh and the people in Milan and Paris also think that uh the rubber should be pretty hard. Like uh seen on regular mobile phones. Actually, they have a lot in common. The phones and the Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, exactly. Uh, in my second sheet of personal preferences, uh we have to reconsider the speech function uh recognition. Uh, it's very innovative. Innovative. Yeah, like something. You you can see that the market is just screaming for new technologies, like speak uh speech recognition and stuff. But, we have to keep the cost in uh in mind, but it Yeah, it it can be uh very expensive. 'Kay, second. Uh, building games like Snake or Tetris to amuse the younger users. Uh, also the link with uh mobile phones. Uh No, but No, okay. But you don't use games when you're d when you're making a telephone call. It's just the same. Yeah. When you're at college. Uh No. You al you also take uh t you take your IPac and go uh play games. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I do that, but Okay, and um And third, I stick with it, the log-in functionality uh with the slogan, take parental control to a new dimension. That's it. Yeah. Uh, what do you think about a back-and-forth come-up uh button? L like in uh internet explorer. Yeah okay, but does it that is for uh going from four to five. But if you go from two to eight, and you want Yeah, and on two. That you can switch switch easy. Yeah it is. Yeah. Mm no. That's it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah but What I see uh How I see it is you put it on the the remote and then you have like a Windows log-on screen with parents, children. Something like that. And w when you want to use the parents uh option, you have to Yeah, ok Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Pu push parents. That then then then you have to uh go to three-digit uh log-in. Like two one three. And it's in. It automatically goes Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. V violent T_V_. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah, w It just has to be w when it's deliver out of the store, it has to be just simple and plain. But if you want to install it personally uh If I got kids, and I could choose between uh two remote controls. One uh w with parent control and one without, and I would would buy the one with. I th Yeah. Yeah. Yeah but yeah but that isn't possible. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, and And and you know w uh when you install another device, uh children can still go up to the T_V_, p pop open uh the thing and and and g go to a channel. Yeah, yeah of course. But Yeah. Ah it's Yeah. Yeah, okay. But it's just an an added feature feature. Mm yeah. Yeah, like f voice recognition is too much, I think. But games. It doesn't Yeah. That that doesn't c that doesn't co Yeah, that that doesn't cost a lot of extra resources, I think. Yeah, it's it's in it. But too ma I I think so, but Yeah. To put Yeah, to put it in always. Yeah, but T_V_s aren't capable of sending. Yeah? I thought they were just a able to receive. Yeah, some. But Yeah. Yeah, j just some rules. Yeah, okay. But, on the T_V_ at least my T_V_, is a is a compartment which you can press. And there are buttons uh behind it which you can use, if you d if you don't if you don't have a Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Or j Yeah. Ah I have to uh consult my legal advisor about it. Consensus. Oh. Oh. I I have one thing left. Maybe for uh Jerome. Um, the views. Maybe it's uh handy to build in an expert view and a simple view. Yeah. Like at In the experts view, you have a lot of more buttons. Yeah. Mm yeah, okay. Fairly enough. Yeah. Yeah, wh which buttons you like or not. Yeah. Yeah. Just leave the other numbers away. Okay. Go on. A little chat. Marketing. Management. Yeah, that's my function, to Okay. Go on. How I know a marketing name for our product. R_ th R_ to the third power. R_ three. Real Reaction remote. Mm-hmm? Bling. Yeah. Yeah, okay, but it has to be like a split second, because you have to put in a code also and Yeah. Yeah. That spins around like all the time. It it's just like a uh globe in Internet Explorer. Okay. Who uh Who who gave you the master class? Ronald Betenberg? Okay, thanks. Ah. In the master class. Yeah. Me too. Thank you too, lord. 'Kay guys, lot of success.
Hi. Yeah, sure. Okay. Uh, let me see. I think it's this one. Ha. Right. Uh, well, I'll be talking about the components. Uh, what I did was I reviewed previously used items uh by uh two two uh different uh age groups. Uh below forty five and above. And uh I just uh watch what the differences are and I checked uh, well, what what d do we want, and how can we uh d aim a at uh the target group. Well uh what I found was that a senior um senior citizens uh Ye Ah, it's it's okay. Uh They, well, they like more the they like the traditional materials, like wood and and such more. Wood and chrome. And uh uh they like uh straightforward shapes. Um, uh they they they they like luxurious uh styles, where whereas the young and dynamic, they like a more uh soft materials. Think of the Teletubbies, for instance. Uh uh, soft and fluffy and colourful and Well uh, shapes are curved and round. Y y you get the picture. And uh they like sports and gaming, and that gives them uh the vitality. Uh, so w well uh, firs Yes. Yeah. No, I'll I'll get to that. You you'll see. Yeah. Uh, well f first off, let's start start with the energy. W I uh I had a choice between uh a few different uh sources. But uh the two basic sources that I found were the best possible were the battery uh versus kinetic. Uh kinetic, that's when you move something, then uh it gets energy. I figured, well that's ki kinda high-tech, when when you have a remote control that well, when you pick it up, it has power. That would be actually very nice, uh I figured. Well, we could also use a battery, that's a bit Yeah. Yeah yeah, you c just you have to shake it around a little bit. And then then it d then it has some more uh energy. Well, y you could just go for a battery. Or you can go for both? Yeah, I actually did. But uh the thing is about solar panel is you have to have l uh light. Well, sunlight preferably. Uh, and you you could you could use normal light, but uh you wouldn't get the same amount of energy that you would from a battery or something. Uh for uh ultimate b uh n uh use of uh solar panels, you could actually use uh you could use uh solar panels, but uh you ha you'd have to implement them into uh the remote control, leaving you uh a bit less space for the interface. So uh so i i it it wo what's actually I I c just in f I've figured it out that well, uh seeing that you'll always be uh within the l uh distance of T_V_, and the from T_V_ there comes a a a whole bunch of light. So it would actually power itself uh from a T_V_. But, well you just take up all the space, and you wouldn't uh have the full amount of power actually used. So I I prefer kinetic because it's uh well, the costs aren't that much higher, and um, ju just a bit more high-tech than than a normal battery. I mean, if No, but uh d Well, you pick it up and you press buttons and y well, you Yeah, well uh actually it is. And it it if it isn't, you just shake it a bit and and add add with power up again. But, what l what Jarek said, you could you could use a battery that you'd just keep it on the recharging whenever it moves. And for rest, you'd just add juice on the battery. Exactly. And so that Uh Uh well, f furthermore, you you we uh checked uh the cases. We have uh different options uh concerning the cases. You ha I you sim uh you simply add a basic uh standard uh model uh it was kind of square and uh I figured that's a bit boring. So you you we could go for uh the single curved or the double curved. Um, single curve, it's just a well, uh, you know, it's just uh a nice curve. Or but but you could go in a in an double curves. And that's like several different dimensions. That gives you an whole new uh effec Yeah, that gives you a younger and uh more high-tech look, I f I figured. But, that uh we'll discuss later. What? You want me to draw in three-D_? Uh, yeah, I ca I ca I could I could show you. I could show you. Well uh let's say y uh you uh Let's say that's your standard uh That's a bit your d standard design. But you could actually go like uh something like this. And then uh in three-D_ effect you could go So y you you just Yeah, this is a this bit uh difficulty in I didn't take a major in art. So But but you could have uh uh a whole new uh the back back the the the depth, you could you could uh just play around a bit with. You you don't have to use standard uh Yeah you could y It leaves more space for creativity. Uh that might be an idea, but just a Well, furthermore, uh well, uh plastic versus rubber? You We could choose uh what uh what's better, plastic um or rubber. I I ch prefer rubber because it feels uh Yeah. Yeah, it's soft and it's that I like soft. Yeah, yeah I mean uh plastic uh is Plastic also has that cheap feeling to it, like plastic uh Your your I usually associate plastic with uh something that's cheap. Uh that's maybe just me, but Uh, we could uh uh, oh, talk about it later. Uh furthermore, buttons. Uh traditional uh or a touch screen. Well, we discussed it in a previous meeting, so I figured I'll just leave it at the L_C_D_. And uh chip set, well uh if we are going to use traditional buttons, we could go uh with a simple chip set. But uh if we decide to go on a n uh um L_C_D_ screen, we would use an uh we have to use an a advanced chip set. And that would bring uh the necessary costs with with it. So that's something we th have to keep in mind. If it isn't uh manageable uh budget-wise, we'd have to go over to uh to sim to simple buttons. Yeah. Yeah, probably. Yeah, probably, but But uh yeah, that's that's That shouldn't shouldn't be uh that big a issue. I'll I'll I'll just add, uh uh I put a big summary here, so we could discuss it a bit. Uh what i what are your ideas concerning battery versus kinetic? Yeah, you you you should we should A combination. Uh, you use the battery and w charge it up with kinetic. When you pick it up, it charges up. Yeah. Yeah yeah, I know. Yeah, I con Exactly. What uh what do you think? You agree? Yeah? Both? Okay. Uh, well that would bring the m m some more costs, but I mean the Who cares, right. That's the Project Manager's problem. Yeah, well Fifty cent uh Uh, why doesn't And then we have single-curved versus double-curved. That Okay. No, we'll we'll just wait and uh Uh, plastic versus rubber. Any ideas? Uh, rubber? You Uh, I figured it will be m rather than hard Nah, rubber c uh this is a casing, yeah. Rubber casing, because well if you use an uh d a touch-screen, uh it's just a casing uh around it. So um, you could go for plastic, but I figured I I I would choose rubber. Well, m I don't know. No. Yeah. That isn't Yeah, that would cover it. That that would solve the problem. So mm Uh uh so uh so what are the opinions? Uh rubber or plastic? I I I prefer rubber. Yeah, you too? You sure? You you you seemed to hesitate a bit. Yeah, it it shouldn't it shouldn't flop over when you hold it in your hand uh No, that that that that's gonna The the chip set will hold it firm in place, and uh and and uh and a L_C_D_ screen also Yeah it m might it might. Uh, tra uh traditional versus L_C_D_, well I figured we we all set on that. And uh, then also the simple versus advanced. Well I figure if we go for L_ L_C_D_, we we should have the advanced. So that shouldn't be a problem. Okay, well that's my uh Uh, you're welcome. Well, the Teletubbies sh Well, you could. You you could. Well uh Yeah. Well, I actually saw a phone that you could use as a remote, so Yeah. Hey. That might be a next step. Well, yeah. You take your uh remote with you to school. Yeah. Very nice. I don't know if it's worth uh the time and effort we are going to spend on it. Because well it's a simple function, but it's gonna take a lot of resources and a lot of time um to programming it. Because you'll have to start working with the profiles and such. And I'm not sure if it's actually worth uh investing that much time and effort into it. I don't know what But, well, if you want to I i i if we in incorporate uh the parental control, uh let's say we do, and and well whatever, cho uh child just goes up to the T_V_ and presses up for instance. Well uh, nob nobody's stopping the child from uh well checking uh the channel. But that Well, I'm not sure because um for that to happen, you d you will have to receive a signal from the uh remote control, so it would, yeah, have to be constant uh constant signalling. What m what may be better is to incorporate an uh a separate device that uh that you can program with the remote control. And that uh provides parental control, for instance. And that's just an optional uh device. So there's n that's there's uh besides uh the remote control, you'll have a separate uh Yeah? Yeah, that's true. That's true, but uh at same instant, same happens when uh you have remote control. So But, only difference is uh the uh the people buying the remote control will now get the f added feature of parental control, and those people wouldn't uh necessary want it. So, you you'd be Yeah. Yeah. I can see games happening. Yeah. Yeah, that will be nice. Well, I don't know. I I figure if you had two different remotes, you could bo choose one with uh well uh uh a receiver in it. So you could actually easily uh build in uh parental control. But it would would be uh more expensive. So, a and that that way uh you could make cheap model and a expensive model. Could ma make the uh simple model and the deluxe model, uh for instance. Yes they are. Yeah. Yeah, you you have some T_V_s any Yeah. That is true, that is true. Well yeah, you could you could easily you could easily you could easily to the mote control. But you still have the problem about uh the television itself. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that is true. Yeah, that is true. Yeah, you could you could you could go like uh that that would actually make uh things a lot more easy. You could just blame it on television and uh make it their problem. Yeah, I figured I figure we could do that. Yeah, yeah, sure. Uh, I'm not sure what marketing thinks about it, but User profile. Well yeah, you you could actually build in a function that you can program it yourself, for the more advanced users. Yeah, which buttons do you want to in it. Because you can you can like build in a back-forward button, and uh some po somebody would just want to watch two channels. Yeah, you could you could m have people want uh want that. Ah, yeah, sure. Well, if you if you have the l L_C_D_ screen, you can you can uh have a small logo i uh at the bottom. And it could just stay there. Yeah, that spins around or something. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, something like that. A small icon. So we're going to work together right now? Definitely. Well thank you too. You wish. M Aye? Cheers. Hey. Yeah, uh I'm not sure if we uh we Because I saw something about individual actions. Well, yeah. Right. Uh Do you have new email? Hmm.
Hello again. Mm yeah. Okay. Okay. Yes. Yes. Your project manager. Welcome to the conceptual design meeting for Real Reaction. Uh, hello again. Uh it's uh the same as the last time. Uh uh, also this time there will be uh three presentations. And we um must uh reach a decision on uh the remote control concepts. Um uh, and at the end, uh I uh, when I finish it off I have some uh input from uh a master class I uh visited. information. The the the the the concepts on uh we uh where we uh must reach a decision on. Um uh, our from uh are of two sorts. Components concepts and user interface concepts. Uh, the first one is uh really about the the the the the total package uh with uh Well, we have decided to do a do the uh with a touch-screen that must be a case around it so uh it won't be uh uh as breakable. Uh how how about the energy? Can you uh can you reload it or uh just have batteries which you must exchange? Uh, the user interface concept. Uh, with the type and uh the the supplements. So uh where to put what button. And uh uh I would say uh Jans, can you begin? Okay. At the end, uh I will take notes uh and at the end of the minutes uh will uh be at the shared folder. Mm-hmm. One one little question. Um about the the material. Uh a soft material for a remote control? Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Mm-hmm. Oh. But you prefer kinetic? Okay. Yeah, but you don't move a a remote control too much. And that's enough to to keep the energy level uh Okay. Okay. Thank you, Tim. Yeah. Dynamic dynamic look? A little artistic. Okay. It's soft. That's the material the younger people want uh, ain't it? Just like the watch from Seiko. Yeah. I I uh I would prefer uh both uh too. Yeah. Combine them. Rubber. Yeah. Yeah. Mm yeah. Me too. Yeah? Okay. Mm yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Do your thing, Tim. Bring it on. Yeah. Flashy. Yeah. Yeah, but wood is not a not a material you which you build a a remote control of. Yeah but never seen one. Case. Oh, a wooden look, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Would you prefer uh uh that you can choose the colour of your uh remote control or Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Maybe you could use your remote as a phone. There are numbers on it, so uh So that you say um S_P_S_S_, and it goes to uh Okay. Yeah, but you don't use that th games when you watching television, I think. Yeah, okay. You take your remote control with you. Uh great. Oh, okay. Uh I think we can discuss a little about the the three uh kind of revolutionary things uh Tim uh came with. The parental control, the games, and the voice recognition. Uh There's n not uh too much decision on uh that one so uh I think that parental control is a good function to uh to put in the remote. I don't know how you think about it. Yeah. Yeah. No but I think most people uh find it uh much more important that their children don't watch uh sex or violence uh on the television, and uh wait uh ten or fifteen seconds longer, so they can uh finally watch it uh because of that. Uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well I think that's a b there's a big market for it, because uh you Yeah, you read many times in magazines same kind of stuff, and you heard on the news that uh that he Yeah, they believe that children uh are influenced by the television, and uh Well, we're we're aiming uh to uh below uh forty uh years. But there are a lot of uh people will below forty who have uh children in young age uh who who want um to uh not watch uh violent or uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. That's a that's a better idea? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, with and one without. Yeah. Yeah, maybe it can work with show view. Uh, you you can control your video recorder with show view. Uh, when you tick in a number, it will uh start and end uh recording. But maybe there's some option that uh that t uh the kind of show view numbers are violent, and that they are blocked out. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't put it in an optional device. That that then then then it becomes too much, I think. If we do it, we we must do it in a kind of ways that like a profile, a parent profile, and a family profile, and otherwise. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And what do you uh guys think of the games in the voice recognition? I personally think that that becomes too much. It's more like it gets you to the functionality, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And games? That would Okay. So that will uh that that that must be in it, you think? Okay. So the games uh are in it. The voice recognition are not. And the parental control are optional? Yeah. Okay. Yeah, okay. Uh, but uh will there uh uh Like the first idea uh from uh You can buy it without and uh with parental contr control? Or are we going to put it in and uh just uh Yeah? Mm yeah. Yeah, you yo Yeah, but most often not. Yeah. Okay. So uh I think we have decided on the things that Uh from Janus, the energy, the combination between battery and kinetic. The case will be double-curved and uh rubber, in a fr flashy fruity colour uh that with cover is removable. The buttons will be uh touch-screen. Uh but there may not be too many buttons. And in the the menu structure, uh there must not to be uh Five minutes to go. Uh, too uh too many levels. And uh it must be easy to use. The parental control will be incorporated, but it must be not too complex. And the games are in it. So I think we have uh we have decided uh, okay. Uh, little more. Yeah. Like a like a moat or s or something. Yeah. Yeah, but you have that in the Yeah. You use the Yeah. It's already incorporated a little in that concept. Okay. We take it to the other meeting, okay? I have a little w uh little chat to do and uh then we uh finish. I went to uh a master class and uh uh two things uh are uh are uh can come in handy uh for us. First thing uh is uh we talked about knowledge uh management. Knowledge engineering and uh uh the fact that uh that uh that the idea of knowledge, uh sharing and learning knowledge from other companies is uh like that. It's it's uh very hot at the moment, so it's it's mostly for the management expert to to look what other uh marketing or did I said management? Oh. Just talking about myself. Uh W What other companies uh had to uh also with the the the the marketing campaign when they put on a newer remote, just some uh Yeah. Import export. And uh another one. Uh, they're a ha they're at Yeah, benchmarking, that's the word I saw. I uh couldn't uh Okay, uh another uh thing is uh there were there there was a survey, and um uh it came out that um people like to buy things from a single large provider, instead of those who uh are partnering uh with us. So, we must uh we must bring it as if uh Real Reaction is uh is big company, uh a trustful company, and uh it has m Okay. I had a I had another idea to put uh uh the whole the whole idea of uh Real Reaction and uh uh uh a single brand and uh uh that kind of thing. When you uh put on remote, you see a kind of a just like when you telephone, you see a little uh animation. Real Reaction remote. And uh with the with the with the motto, we put fashion in electronics. And then you go uh The Yeah. But w th the idea from this uh thing is that we must present it as a as we are a a single large provider who will stand on our own. Mm yep, yeah. Also also. But we we are uh Yeah yeah y yeah yeah. Okay, but uh think about that kind of things. That's what they said in the master class.. N Uh, next meeting starts in thirty minutes. So uh maybe you can go to Paris and Milan uh once again. The master class? Franz Mehler's. Uh, very special, uh next uh session. Uh idea that you uh the the industrial uh development uh centre and uh user interface uh will work together on a prototype. And uh will drawing it on the SMARTboard. So that's a kinda new uh thing. And um, the marketing expert will uh will uh ke he will be keeping busy with the product uh evaluation. But the most uh specific instructions will be sent to you by email. Yeah, the well, uh dids this what I uh what I heard. I Not in the master class. So you uh just wait for the specific instructions and uh But I think it was a very uh very good uh session, uh gentlemen. I will thank you all. And uh Give me a good evaluation. Cheers. See you in a half hour. But keep an eye on your uh laptops for a real uh Yeah, but th there's there's still the my uh instructions that you will work together. That's not my problem. Bye-bye. The project manager always works alone.
";The project manager went over the agenda. The industrial designer gave a presentation about the options for power source, materials and components. He recommended using kinetic energy, and having a double-curved rubber case. The group decided to combine batteries and kinetic energy. The marketing expert reported on current trends among young people for fresh fruity colours and spongy material. He explained that the remote should look fancy, and be technologically innovative and easy to use. He suggested using removable customisable covers, speech recognition, installing some games into the remote, and implementing a parental control feature. The user interface designer talked about having a simple layout with not many buttons. Most features will be controlled through the menu. The group discussed the various options and decided to use games but not speech recognition. After a lot of discussion they decided to implement a simple parental control feature. The project manager talked about what he had learned at a masterclass on knowledge management. The group discussed how to incorporate the company logo and motto onto the remote, including having an animated logo on the touch screen. The project manager gave the group instructions about what to do before the next meeting. 
"Wouldn't wanna be Project Manager. Uh, what we going to do. Um, once again I'm uh gonna take minutes. So, um no presentation for me. Uh, first we have a prototype presentation by G_ and G_. Afterwards some uh eval eval evalu evaluation s sorry. Uh evaluation crit criteria. Uh, in combination with the finance I um uh I received uh a an uh an Excel uh file which we have to fill in later on. Um, you see. Uh, and then we must see uh if we uh stay under the twelve and a half Euro. So, that's uh that's a big l so let's uh wait it uh um we have we have must uh, we must have uh some time for that uh because it will be uh yeah, quite a lot of mathematics. And after that, uh uh an evaluation of uh the process how we uh how we have done it here with the SMARTboard, with the with our laptops, with the all uh all this. And uh afterwards, uh we closing. Once again, forty minutes, so uh let's start. I would g give the word to um G_ and G_ for the prototype presentation. J_ and J_. Mm. No, okay. It's called a weemote Weemote. Yeah, I can imagine that. Yeah, but uh you d you mustn't forget that uh our target aim is younger people. Uh, we had decided to uh put uh some flashy fruity colours in it, uh and uh in the survey from uh Milan and Paris uh it uh it came out that uh uh the d the older people are uh more willing to uh to spend money on extra features. So I think uh it will be a better idea to have some uh flashy fruity colours as as a standard, and for the people who uh really want uh a more sophisticated, more traditional look, they're willing to pay uh that. They want uh they want more luxury stuff, but they have the money to do it and they want to b to buy that. So, maybe it's an idea to put that as an extra and not as a standard. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But, the mai I think th uh the standard must be some kind of uh uh attractive flashy colours. Not too, but w a little, because that's our aim. Yeah. Well, the buttons don't have to be uh all uh all of yeah. It Yeah. Okay. Thank you. The Marketing Expert. Sorry. Okay, so we gon we gonna evaluate the Yeah, the the thing we saw. Okay, just saw. Yeah. Seven? Uh, true. Sorry. Yeah, one I think. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yes. No teletext buttons. Teletext is in the menu. Volume is true. Yeah, big and clear. Oh, okay. Well, I agree. I was thinking very black and white. Thank you J_. Fruity. Yeah. Well, we p we can do it glow in the dark. So, if it's in the dark place, you still see it glowing. I think Ah, you must see it as uh, w uh according to uh the the other uh remote controls, there may uh uh be there in your uh T_V_ room, this one will stand out, I think. Exa I think that that's what it's about. If it if this lying on your couch, you're you're you think what's that for kinda orange uh thing. So Yeah. Okay. That's our remote control. True. Yeah, but not too soft we have decided. Three, yeah. Easy to use. One. Yeah, can it be zero? Yeah. Okay, two. Yeah, two. What's the time? We also have uh to do the evaluation, uh the production costs and uh stuff. Yeah. You're agree, Tim? You haven't seen a more innovative uh thing in uh Paris? False. Yeah, but they are built in, so it's one. Okay. Freak. Okay, thank you. We'll see. Mm. Okay, we have now to c uh to calculate the production cost. If it's under uh twelve and half Euro, then it's uh ok uh okay. But i is it if it is b Huh? No, this isn't right. Okay so,. Redesign. Oh yeah, if they under Yeah. No. Oh yeah. Yeah, it's sorry. Yeah, if the costs are under twelve and a half Euro, uh then we uh can uh ra uh move on to the project evaluation, as we have uh experienced it. Otherwise, we have uh do uh have to do a little uh redesign uh thingy. So Uh, we have to fill in the numbers of the component uh components. We have to uh fil uh, want to uh do it in and uh see uh if we stay under the twelve and a half Euro. So, do we have uh a hand dynamo? No. That's zero. Battery, one? Okay. Kinetic, one? Okay, solar cells, zero. Okay, uh simple chip on print? No? No, advanced chip. Sample sensor sample speaker? Three? Yeah uh, but it it's one one thing, it's three Euro. Uh, what's the sample sensor? Okay. Zero. Uh, uncurved flat. No. But is it s it's not made from a single uncurved thingy and then uh and then uh no? Okay. So it's only uh once double-curved. Okay. We're now in a problem, 'cause uh we have uh reached eleven Euro yet. Okay, but uh we have Okay. Uh, rubber. You. Titanium, no? Special colour? Yeah, but we want to make uh the wood colours, uh that uh Yeah, one. Yeah, but we we going to yeah yeah, that's true. But yeah, it's it's it Okay, the push-button, no. Scroll-wheel, no. No. Oh, no. Yes, one. Uh, button, no. No, the the we don't have a s no. Okay. Oh, okay. So, um what's the thing we can change? Uh, can I uh I say something? No, can I say something uh as Project Manager? The kinetic thing, can we just skip it, because uh you have to shake it, but that's not really innovative. Yeah. Yo. Sorry, yeah, yes. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah, and not really. But we if you forget about the kinetic, well if we do that, we shall. So um Uh, b but i but the single-curved is just oh Oh, okay, okay. So that's wh tha that's one option. And then w yeah, and then we could have it, but uh it's its' well it's it's r it is the main point of the the the the look. No, tho uh that that can be done. So uh, okay, a little less uh conversation. Sorry? Fill in Just a explanation. I can delete it for you if you want. So, if we do this, uh we're on uh twelve and a half Euro. And we're done. Uh well, the only uh thing that don't Yeah, single-curved, but there's a curve in it. So Yeah, it's really a static value. Yeah. Yeah, it is. Oh. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Do you think? Well, now you can shake your remote control. Kinetic. Yeah? Who because if you want to go to kinetic, you're uh you're on thirteen and a half and you must go to flat, and I think now it's it's more of uh a compromise thing. And if you make the single curve ha just a big curve, then it's uh then it's uh yeah, one big good curve. I was going to uh say nasty words, but I don't. This is strange by the way. Wood is m is is is cheaper than rubber. We thought that wood would be more expensive. Yeah, maybe. But uh that this is this is it? Yeah. Okay, this is it. I'm gonna save it. Yeah. Okay, well, considering we have Well, we were above, so we did a little redesign Okay, um now uh it's about time to uh talk about uh this project. Uh, some uh things. Were there uh room for uh was there room for creativity in our meetings or in your individual meetings? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. I agree with that. Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Okay. Uh how about the leadership? Okay, thank you very much. Now we're done. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I notice it too. I was a I was also very uh unhappy, uh very unsatisfied uh about the about the first meeting. So, uh I hope uh uh the the the other meetings uh get better and uh I think the the last two meetings uh also we we reached uh some good decisions about uh talk yeah. Okay, so uh that's cool. Uh, teamwork? Well, maybe that's uh only Yeah well, it's for us, because uh Yeah. Yeah and it's wo more like presentation and some points were discussed. But, really teamwork were you two uh The Yeah? No hard feelings. Yeah. Now you you must push a little while. Okay. O Just uh okay. You can be you can go quicker, 'cause then it it won't notice it. I follow the Master class for the SMARTboard, so I think that's the that's the main issue. Um, so uh about this one you were uh you're dealing with, um the the the the digital pen. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. No. Huh. Well Yeah. M yeah. Yeah. And it is still your own handwriting uh popping up in uh Word. No, uh that's true. No. And uh the SMARTboard is uh useful, but the the pen is I uh not user-friendly, I think. Be it it takes a lot of time to draw things and to write things, and that's the Yeah, but that's not th the the you when you at a foreign audience, you b don't gonna wr uh write uh small. Yeah. But maybe there's some function with no, it isn't. With uh Yeah. Well, I'm gonna erase my uh name. Yeah, it's a big uh big eraser. Um Well, the the idea of the touch-screen is uh I'm just uh I don't know what what I mean. No. Oh. Oh yeah. That's interesting. Okay, because what does it mean? All the mo yeah, are between one and two. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah, okay. Thank you, expert. But the new ideas found for uh wi with working with this uh software? Not really, yeah? Yeah, I think Yeah. Yeah. You had expected it to to be uh more more uh Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep, yep. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, and and maybe some uh functions for uh uh uh circle or uh a square. You have to draw it yourself now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that that can be done already. But not the the the the predefined uh squares I think uh Hmm? Sorry? Well, that's nice. Is it Here. oh. Oh, sorry. Select. Yeah. Here, that. So you have as you saw, you have a little uh Oh, you can Yeah, thank you. You can go uh there. So there the the the functionality is there, but it's not it's not ideal, and it's it's very it costs a lot of time to uh to use. And that's a pity, if you uh if you have uh thirty, forty minutes uh for this kind of things, and we are now with four people, but it well, imagine you are here you're with the ten people and everyone uh Yeah. Two minutes of drawing, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah, just like he said with the with the a screen which you can write, also uh a kind of voting uh mechanism. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so Uh well, just about, because uh Yeah, tomorrow? Uh, the costs are within the budget. Uh, the project is evaluated. But, before we going to celebrate, uh I have uh a little question which you can't answer, because uh there must be some kind of end report. I am busy with the end report right now. You might thinking what the hell was he doing uh Uh about all the meetings, what we have decided, a r r a report of this day. Uh, that must be made, but I don't know, here is uh standing uh whoa, we can celebrate now, but the end report is Okay well, that uh that can be done. Maybe we can do it uh together. You can see what I've uh yeah? So I I s I will uh put it on a story-board. You can see it. Because I think it will uh it must be uh Yeah, it's a three uh with seventy five uh Yeah, just about. Well, just a moment. End report. No no no, I'm just uh you can s you can read it and uh here here it is. End report. Well, this not nit it read-only. But it's not uh fully finished yet. Um, this is about the functional design, the things yeah yeah. Oh yeah. I'm uh when I said it, I remember I had it here. Marketing Expert, okay. Um about the three functions where uh which are most used and uh which must uh immediately be visible on our uh remote control. Um, it must be uh simple to use, very clear what to do, and at the younger people. So, this is really about wh uh what kind things uh must be in it and uh yeah. Yeah, I understand you, I can talk a little bit Dutch. Oka okay, okay, I I really didn't knew that. So, this one's first. You go there and you go there. So, okay. Well, maybe I can then do it one two three. If the order is in uh is is uh important, that's the word for. Uh, then the conceptual design. Uh, well all the things we have uh discussed, uh the energy, which uh turn out to be uh batteries, so that's Yeah, because yeah. Uh, he here it is still double-curve, the rubber, the flashy, the fruity, the removable. Uh, the buttons Hmm? Not double anymore. Nay but that this is what um Yeah. And the the added functions like Tetris snake, it's under the parental control, the touch-screen. So, it's uh just a summary of what uh we had discussed uh Uh, it's very cheap, you you maybe you you you you come at uh It's very necessary. Yeah, but it still has some yeah. Okay, but so we can discuss that uh we can discuss that kind of things I think with the with the the board of uh What's it what's the company called? I just keep forgetting it. Real Real Reaction. Real Reaction, yeah. Okay, so uh anybody uh misses something here about uh Yeah, okay, that's that's what I'm gonna write b between now. But, i in here nothing uh Mm-hmm. Yes. Yeah, touch-screen I've mentioned. Yeah, okay, well I gonna redesign uh something now. No. Because I think it will Oh, five minutes from to finish meeting. Oh, that's cool, Tim. Finish meeting now. Well, I'm I'm I'm going to finish my end report. I am the one who can say that. Yeah? Hereby the meeting is finished. Yeah.
J_ and J_. Evaluation. Hmm. Hmm. Interesting. Ah, okay. Cool. J_ and J_. Jane and Jane. 'Kay guys, take it away. Hmm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hmm. 'S l it's like an uh Easter egg. Weemote. Wait what I w got in mind. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Maybe it's an idea to sell it without a cover, so that you can pick a cover in the in the shop. Yeah, okay. Yeah, okay. Hmm. Mm. Oui okay. Yeah. An another idea. Uh, maybe we could uh develop a cover uh with wood style. They'll please the elder users as well. Yes. Not not too uh yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Or blue or. Well I I I think so. Yeah, except for the buttons it's it could be a standard model. 'Kay, it's my time now. Okay. During the Oh. During the design uh design life-cycle we uh we made lot of requirements and trend analysis and stuff. Um, now is the time to uh evaluate our prototype concept to uh to the past requirements. So we are going to evaluate the design according to the past user requirements and trends analysis. Um, we're going to do that with a seven point scale. Opening a Word document now. Okay. One oh, okay, uh I have to expla explain something. We have to uh be consensive about about things. So, it has to be a group uh group decision. Okay? Uh We're going to vote. We yeah? The prototype. Yeah. Okay, one. The remote control is designed for people with age below forty. Seven is false. Yeah, b one or Most true? Yeah, so so a o one is appropriate? Or, more like a four. Three. Ah, exactly. Exactly. Three. Yeah. But also for yeah, okay. Uh, second. The remote control is beautiful. Yeah, acco according to us, it's one? Or Yeah, p s Of c of course you have to be uh very positive and uh enthusiastic about your own product. Three. Uh, the remote control looks fancy. One? Good. Four. The remote control has big, clear channel switching buttons. Daniel. Uh, teletext buttons and volume buttons? False? And volume? True. Big and clear? Hey. Hey. Hide. It's it's not yeah, it J Five? Okay. Yeah, it's it's yeah. Red. Okay. Volume. The remote control is easy to be found. Oh, okay, but 'kay, look. If you put uh your normal uh remote control under your bed, or you throw this remote control under your bed, is it better findable? A li little bit maybe? Four? Fi I Ah, I I I think five. It's it's it doesn't really make a lot of Four? Yes, but five is between four and six. B_. Yeah, it it's Yeah, yeah. But but the survey under users was that they uh really lost it. Like, no not uh not seeing it, but lost it in the house or something. But, okay. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I I agree, I agree. Okay. Eight, the remote control has fresh, fruity colours. Yeah, yeah, not too flashy. The remote control is made of soft material. Three? Easy to use? Top easy to use? It's it's not the most easy to use It can be easier. Jus just with ten buttons, that's the easiest. Yeah, but the most uh easy to use is just with one button on t Yeah, okay, but easy n not not the most easy to use, I think. Two? We also have to compare it to the uh to the remote controls on the market nowadays. So Yeah yeah, I'm uh hurrying. Okay, eleven. The remote control is innovative. A very of course. The remote control has m remova removable from Multilux. The remote control, i it has speech recognition. False. The remote control has built-in games? Yeah. And the last, paren parental advisory function. Yes, I do. Save as. Okay, I will uh do the the math. Now it's your turn. No. Advanced chip. Advanced chip is three. Three Euros, yep. Okay, one piece, yeah. No. Speech recognition, I think. No. No. Thingy. Yes, three. Eight. Okay, go on. Just go on. Two. Two. No. S Yeah, but but D but Daniel, tha that's that's another brand. That's another article to sell. That doesn't account for this. Producing this. No. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Daniel. Daniel, what do you think about Here. What do you think about uh putting a battery in it, but also selling like uh the covers, a docking station just apart from the from the thing, so that you can uh put uh rechargeable batteries in it and just Yeah, yeah, okay. Just an idea. Yeah. Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Hey, those ar arcs, why are there for? The blue blue uh Okay. No, no no. Yeah. But, wha 'Kay, look, what is the uh If you make it double-curved, it costs one Euro more. But No, but does it have a lot of extra uh fun function more like Yeah. Yeah, uh aesthetic. I mean, uh you make like eleven and a half Euros profit instead of twelve and a half. But I don't know if twelve and a half is uh a fixed uh fixed price. No, we can't go above that. Yeah? Yeah, okay. Then it's okay. Yeah. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. What a what about all the m the environment freaks? Not freaks, the envi No. I I think it's it's It look like this one. Yeah. Yeah. This is it. Ah no, we have to do all those hours again. Go back. One back? Costs on uh No redesign. Yeah. Yeah, okay, yeah. Hmm. I I didn't think so. That there was a lot of room for it. But, that's mainly because uh of the information that was delivered to us. It was just fixed information and get your stuff from there, and I couldn't go on on i on the internet and search my own stuff. Bu Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Leadership was uh crappy. Okay. No, leadership was uh Okay, I thought uh the first meeting was a little bit of unstructured meeting. Uh, you could have but uh, it was your first, no uh no disrespect or something, but you could have uh structure it a l little bit more. So like, I I was talking most of the time the first meeting meeting, and Yeah. But About me. Yeah, you made up. No, it you did better. Yeah. Much more constructive. Two guys. Okay. Means. Digital pen, I thought uh th the first time I did individual work, I used it. But, a and the first two meetings I brought it with me, but I didn't use it at all after the first the first meeting. It's it's not real real use for me. Not really, no. Yeah, like when you do this. Smaller? Oh. Sorry. Okay. New ideas? Do you? Go on. Yeah. Mm, yeah, I think so. Did you heard what he said? I don't I don't know what I mean. Oh, I have some figure. Here. The eva the evaluation, the mm the mean uh number is uh one point eight one point eight six. So that's fairly uh fairly good, I think. Uh, that uh all the requirements uh are true or very true, right. Yep. Yeah. May maybe the idea you proposed is uh a screen here. And draw it, and it's it's placed over there. Hmm? No. Ah, very bad. But I think this is better than regular flip-overs, but Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but insert image isn't available? Here. Picture from scanner, clip-art. Hyperlink? Hey, what if you do like hyperlink? Type type it? Re Real Reaction dot N_L_. Yes, is now is okay. Okay? Huh. 'Kay, double-click it. You're erasing. Double-click it. Yeah. Yep. What I really miss also is uh is a d is a turtle is a decision uh decision system like um With the evaluation, you have to Polls like, what do you want, a one, a two, maybe a a l a little application like uh uh give your own number and click one two three four five six seven. Yeah, j ju ju yeah, v voting application. Just a little group group decision application. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, of course. But, uh you can still discuss about it, but but click it in an application, that's a lot easier to process. The digit. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's it? Celebration. Yeah. Yeah. What is an end report? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, you ha you have ten minutes left, I uh read. You have now ten minutes left to finish up the end report. Yeah. Um You you already made a beta version, or Pages. Okay, Daniel. Do you want a chair maybe? Hey? Oh, okay. Five minutes for finishing. Management Expert, you have to change that. Marketing. Yeah, but you can save it u the under another name. Maybe um the The Yeah. You Yeah. No, you have to put uh, switch channels uh at the top, because that's the most used function and teletext at the second Oh nay, a volume changing, second. S switch, yes. Yeah. Okay, go on. Yes, very good. Yeah. Yeah. The order. Single-curves. No, okay. Was initial, the plan. The initial plan. No, it's it's not very cheap, but that no, but it's a development inside corporation. Like, uh w we don't have to buy parental control. Our own people can make that, I think. Yeah, it it has some cost, but Yeah. Real Reaction. Okay. Still the end conclusion. That's all, I think. Yeah, but but the the decisions are put in the uh conclusion, I think. Why we decided to use a flat uh L_C_D_. Yeah. Um Save it. Hmm. Yeah, but then you had the same thing. Example of children remote. Oh wait. Wait. Hmm. That's a pity. You declare.
Evaluation. Mm-hmm. That's gonna be t problem. Yeah, well sure. Hi. Yeah, uh well, and as you saw, we would just have the basic remote with the panel L_C_D_ uh screen. Well, these would be the main buttons, h you could uh change them later on in your own profile if you want to. But, well it's standard they will be delivered with this kind of uh set-up. We have the more advanced menu uh setting right here. We have the sub-menus and stu stuff. We made a top oh, or a front view. Just so like you wanna uh back view. As you can see, this uh there, there are uh two uh weird bumps in it. This is for uh the added uh effect of uh well uh y youth and dynamic. And uh this is for the artistic effect. Well, what we figured is uh we'll show you a picture later on you have more b a better idea after that. But, idea is for to stay in balance with these two uh with these two. And so when you put it on the table, it will just lay down. It won't uh roll around or stuff. But it will lie more in your hand like an old telephone maybe, or like these old uh phones. Y you you may get the idea. So thi this is about uh how we figured it should be. The s panel we g you would hide with some more uh rubber layers, like we discussed early on. Uh, you would s you wouldn't see the uh straight panel, but more fluidly and round. Yeah. And uh, in these bumps you could actually uh put some electronics uh that would you can make a more thinner uh design, and that would actually look very nice, yeah. And uh, about the colour, what have Yeah, f uh, as colours, do you do you have the picture in uh Oh yeah. Now, well this is the idea about uh the bumps. Uh, you can see there's a v a very uh youthful uh dynamic uh exterior. It uh you just want to hold it you uh you are young and uh dynamic like us. Yeah, it's like an e but this is for children. We we want a more adult version. But, this is like a remote control for children.. A weemote. Yeah. Hey, that's actually a brilliant uh marketing stand. Uh, but So this actually basic the idea. We we just want to build a more uh adult vers adult version of of this. And and for colours, we we figured starting with basic colours like uh white or metallic grey. Those are the technological colours actually, so it d Or blue or whatever. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, maybe yeah, perhaps you're right. Uh, I I would I would actually agree with this sounds logical. Nah. Yeah. Yeah, li like like this like this. This isn't this isn't too much, is it? I f Yeah. The buttons, I Yeah, uh something like this would be nice. Okay, that's that's it from us. Uh-oh. Why? Yeah, it's not just uh designed for people under the age of forty. It's also designed for people above forty. So I have I've Yeah, two or three, because it's not just uh the qu question is aimed at is it designed for people with age below forty. But it's also designed for people of age above forty. So, I'll say it's about three. Yeah, I I think Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Leads to user face, yeah. Yeah, false. Uh, hmm. Yeah, the they are big and clear.. Yeah, but but the teletext button. Yeah, you can ch That's in a menu. So, it's w yeah, it it it it isn't entirely unclear, but So, I wouldn't give it a seven. I would give it a more a five or a six. Uh, I don I don't know. What do you think, uh Mister Project Manager? Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, it has these all these fruity colours and it has a strange shape. So, if you so if you have trouble finding it Well, then uh then I'll go for four. Because uh four is between three and uh uh also between between true and false. Uh, so I'll I'll go for four. Wha Yeah, that that's a better question actually. Well, if i if you see a strange shape lying somewhere, uh then you'd uh recognise it as, whoa, that is strange. Yeah. Yeah, what is that. Uh, so it's Yeah. Yeah, rubber, is kind of soft. Well, I don yeah, it is kind of It No. Uh It could yeah. Functional ability.. No, it's it I I'll go for two. My vote's on two. Yes. Yes, it Yeah, they are built in. Not down. You really like the parental advisory. Bu Yeah, he made it. No. Me, too. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh, n no. No. Yes. No. Uh, we have one. We have one. No, sev zero. Well, that's um yeah, speech recognition and s A zero. No. No. Yeah. Just go on. Then we'll see uh we'll we'll see uh wha how much we are over budget. Zero. I don't think so. No, this is a standard colour. Yes, this is a special colour. That's an add-on. No. These three. Well, we're only four Euro over budget. But Well, other case, we can make it single-curved or uncurved. Yeah. Okay, sure. Yeah, sure. Okay, well you you can go from double-curved to single-curved. And that would solve the budget problem. Yeah. It's just yeah well, the single-curve that Yeah. Exactly, yeah. We going to cut Yeah, we just make it flat. But, you do l Function. Worth, does it have added worth? No, um Yeah, well let's assume it is. We we should assume it i that it is. But I I figured that the kinetic would be a marketing promotion. R if you uh promote a kinetic um I kinetic remote control, I mean, that would b sell better than an a normal remote control. No, well, y I mean uh, y you can go into your neighbour and tell him, ha, my k uh remote control is kinetic. You have standard old battery control uh remote con True. It is possible, but you can't use double uh curves for titanium. That's one of the functionability uh Well, I th I think you two, uh especially you and uh and uh Daniel, you d you you both had uh the less creative uh roles in the project. 'Cause I think m I think Jeroen and I, we had a more design we could have more we had more room for creativity than than you two. Ha. Nah, the leadership wasn't crappy, it was the leader that was crappy. Nah. No, the leadership was okay. Yeah, it was good. Try to learn from your mistake. And we will never do it again. Yeah, that went w it went well. It's it's just uh Nah. Yeah, we we had some trouble with the pen, but Yeah, but us Yeah. Oh. No, I have it working. But, uh yeah, well uh No, it doesn't have that much added value to the Yeah. Know what I mean. Or text function. Just t t type text, and that that would be uh excellent. Mean Oh. But uh, problem is, well you can't discuss anything well you you ca uh you can, but you will discuss a lot less than l like we did now. We I mean uh w w w one one person s maybe said three. But, well uh I we said uh, no I w th think two, because this and this, and then you can react uh on it. But if you you put a three on it, uh just figure well, everybody knows what I'm knowing, so they'll all just put a two on. Yeah, but it would yeah. Yeah okay, the for processing part. But then uh, I think the idea of one person entering it and the rest uh discussing it, that uh isn't that bad idea, actually. Not that your opinion isn't valued, but but still. Yeah, sure. Y yikes. Seventy five pages. So you you finished it actually, and so we just have to read it and say yes or no? It's not double. Uh, it's not double anymore, eh? Yeah, okay. Yeah. On thing uh One small thing uh, the added functions. Uh, was it included in the cost? I don't think so, eh? It's very cheap. Okay, um hereby is the meeting is finished.
Yo. Evaluation criteria. Oops. Some creative uh Oh. Yeah. Ok okay. Shall I give a short introduction and then uh Okay. J_ and J_, okay. Take it away. Um, this was our first concept. We decided to use a single touch-screen. So, we've worked out this concepts, how to how to hold it, where to put the buttons and and stuff. And um, well, we began with uh with a form of shape, that is uh is easy to hold w in one hand, left or right handed. So, we made i it a little bit less thick and uh it has some ar artistic meaning. No? This uh isn't nothing. Idea maybe uh is better. Um well, during the meeting I showed you the concept of uh placing the buttons on top, usable with your thumb, and uh the menu structure, uh if necessary, with your other hand, so it's just gonna hold it easily. And it has to be acce accessible with your uh other hand too, of course. So we began uh working out a concept. Yeah, the panel just uh of course goes like this. But the overlaying layer is uh a little bit uh curved and stuff. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, we added that this um can be held with your hands for this maximum is om yeah, one and a half centimetres. So, you have room here for your battery and maybe even other um electronic chips. S and you can just be the the layer of the touchscreen and some have some wires underneath it to make it as uh thin as possible in the middle for good grip. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It would be best to to appeal to a broad public and make the covers exchangeable, so the young people will buy an orange and a red and blue and a purple, but when the o older people uh go in the shop and they see uh an orange um remote control, it would be less appealing than a white one. And young people, we think, are a little bit more flexible, they think, ah I'll buy for a couple of Euros some noi nice hip uh Well, um I think a cover is necessary, 'cause als otherwise you'll just have the L_C_D_ screen. So, there must be some cheap standard cover, um maybe white or something, that's could comes with it and you can buy, so we can make extra money. Okay. The other way around, you mean. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, yeah. Well yeah, a colour of a wood style, a white c and uh a couple of h hip uh fruity colours. And lea uh l delivered standard with a fruity colour, but not too not too much. This is banana and mango, not not purple or p orange and yellow. Ah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. No. Yeah. Okay. Okay. It's my turn. Mm. Yeah. No no, a little more in the middle. No, uh three or yeah. Yeah, it will be primary appealing to to m minus forty, but also appealing to Yeah. It's Wow. Yeah, it's the marketing uh angle on television. We have a wonderful Yeah. Well, it's also fancy then. Yeah. Of course. We have a perfect remote. Yes. Yeah yeah, oh they have to agree but I'm the User Interface uh Expert. Um, uh no. You you've different menu. And volume is impo yeah. Yeah yeah, big and clear. But you could make a teletext button uh six. Otherwise, the people who read this uh are gonna think we have no teletext button. No. Yeah. Black and red. Okay, don't forget to save it. Uh Uh well, when we put in fancy colours, yeah and Yeah. But, um it it's not making any sound uh, have we deciding? So It'll make a difference. We have the better re I don't know. Yeah, I think so. My remote control's black. A little bit, but yeah. Uh K yeah. Fo fo yeah fo five is. Yeah, okay, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If your uh fifteen remotes in a drawer, uh you find it, yeah? Yeah, that's stupid. Uh, but when you lost it you're just not Yeah, mostly when you lose your remote control, it it's under your Most of times when you lose it you're sitting on it. Uh Um I would call uh choose two, 'cause we decided not to make two f uh fresh colours, as it would not. Um, kinda soft, but but not this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah yeah, easy to use, very afford. No, you can do two, because um it can be easier. But then you're l yeah, but then you'll lose function f yeah, functionality and our fancy uh look, so. But It is r it is rather easy to use, because you have the primary buttons always visible. No. Yeah, m mine too. Yeah, but waits just a minutes. Inspiration. These are the m regular remotes. Yes, true, one. Yes, one. Very multifunctional. No. This is used with speech recognition, this. Yes. But uh, maybe make it two, because the games are in a sub-menu and not uh it's not an entire game. Yeah, okay. Yes. Th did you make this or the Yeah, It changes it maybe. Oh yay. Oh dear. Hmm? If they're under twelve fifty. Yeah? Cau 'cause so it's okay. Battery, yes. One. One, yeah. Kinetic, one. Yeah. No. No, the advanced chip is uh Yeah. Yeah, you give it a sample, uh one. No. You no. Yeah, 'cause um the layer around it fits around the bubbles on the o on the uh the back of the Uh, we don't have anything else. So Could you step a little to the right ma Yeah. Oh, sorry. Or And zero. Special uh is the special colour? Mm. Yeah. Yeah, if if you're honest, we'll uh type one, special colour. Yeah. Uh, j maybe we'll finish uh the the list first and then look back, aye? No. Scroll wheel, no. No. One, yeah. No. Mm, is it No. No. So No. No. Mm, single-curves. Yeah. Just cut off the kine yeah. Or yeah. Yeah, we just put a good battery it it. Mobile phones nowadays. But you can use rechargeable batteries anyway, just you s you have to recharge them manual. Yeah, that's a cost reduc Ah. Yeah, so we have to bake the ba back flat, and then No, it's it's just one curve and not a back uh curved I think. Or Or are these two curves? Uh Yeah, but what else uh do we have to cut out? No advanced chip, uh that's a little bit of problem. Although, can we make it with a regular chip? Curvy. Explanation. Twelve fifty. Well Yeah, but does it fit with our design? Do we have to u adapt it? It's single-curves. W Could we just make the bubbles uh cut off the back, and then we're uh has Okay. More. Yeah. You make it optional. Functional. Uh, there's an a a athe aesthetic value, but not functionality. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but it doesn't fit in our co cost profile. So You ma can make an an especialised extra gold version. Yeah. Yeah, just one big curve. Uh, this uh American figures. You just cut down some trees. Whoever makes uh a remote control out of titanium. Yes. No. We sue. We Yeah, we'll start her all o all over again. Um For us, there was a lot of creativity. We could just sign up an uh remote if we liked. Uh Crappy. Cra Yeah. Yeah, example of crappy leadershi Okay, yeah. You could of said, shut up you fool. Yeah, more more consensus. Ev everybody w was agreeing every Yeah. Well, we work together on a project, but everybody has his own task. So, it is a little bit Yeah. No Well, it went okay. Stupid stupid pen, but uh Yeah, but but draw something uh difficult. D uh just write your name right now. Try to write your name, in in writing letters, of course, yeah? Yeah, normally, uh this uh the w Block letter sign it, yeah? Just just write your name in in one line. If it's a little bit too small bit quicker now. It didn't Uh he he knows how it works, yeah. Y well, yeah. Th the i The idea is great, but it doesn't work properly. Uh Yeah. Nee. As uh as I said a m a c few moments ago, it I would like, myself, to write with a normal pen, because must um Yeah, it's almost the same concept, but you can just sim more simply put it on our scanner. I it's the same concept as the pen, where you f have to download the software or s uh very uh slow. Yes. No, and it doesn't give any added value. Yeah, not user-friendly. Yeah, and it's it's not very precise. We're trying to m to Yeah, it may um Yeah, and tr try to wri write your name uh in a in a normal uh size, yeah. Smaller. Yeah, smaller. Just like when you're writing on a letter. No, a as you saw on on this drawing, just open open this one or that one. It's uh th it it Yeah, uh we had more problems even here when we trying to draw these buttons, it's almost impossible to get clear uh when you're uh And the eraser was another problem. It w t is is this large. And when you try to erase this line, y I'm gonna erase my name there. M Abo What kind of new ideas? Yeah, uh New ideas about uh the working of this software, about about the project, about the remote controls or Hello. Yeah. So true. Not really, just they have to improve it. Uh, the concept is okay, but it has to be quicker. Uh, it is still opening my programme, n almo almost uh my entire computer is locked up during the process and it, yeah, just takes too many time. People will still feel the need to to write it quickly on uh a page and not download it and save it, and More user-friendly. 'Cause when you use a pen, you can just draw like you d draw normally, and you do Yeah. Yeah, that l Would be easier. Or at least when you you don't have to adapt to the technology, just you can write in the way you normally write. And now you have to um keep constantly in mind that you're drawing on this screen. And that's a very bad concept. Nah, okay, I I it's my opinion that I Yeah, it's can be saved easier. But if you're in normal flip-over you a lot of people write text. There's no text option. And writing text uh, yeah, you've gotta really do your best to write some Yeah. Or maybe even insert picture. If you have uh some presentation, and you have some f Yeah. 'Cause then you could Oh, okay. So you can With uh W_W_ dot Google dot com. Oh yeah. Maybe. You'll just make a link in Yeah. There's one way to uh Maybe if if you're not using the eraser Something else th Yeah, arrow. Okay. Well, it's Yeah, okay. But. To use, yeah. Yeah. And that's m That's mostly the case, from the over here with the managements you get two minutes to make your case, and if you have to do all this kind You'll rather use PowerPoint and work it out in advance. And th the one or two things you have to draw when you're there, just use a flip-board. Yeah. Okay. Yo, manager. When are w When are we going to produce it? Oh. A chairman. Yes. It's a read-only version. Oh, okay. Uh One two three. Yeah. Well, okay, maybe you can add it later that we decided in the end because of the cost. A single-curved. Ah, it's very cheap. Yeah. He'll do it in his free time. So uh Of directur or directors. Yeah. You can ask your personal Yeah, the end conclusion. But uh Um, the decision to make um the buttons on the top, and the menu on the on the bottom. And clearly Yeah, touch-screen you've mentioned. Okay. Okay, this n yeah. Party party. Oh, before you change anything maybe you um save it first. You can't you can select file and export and then those J_ PEG files. Well, eight. And we have uh, another blank one. Did we change anything? Wow. Yeah. It's a new uh commercial logo. Don't save it, aye? Uh, why are only the first five SMARTboard files saved?
";The project manager opened the meeting and went over the agenda. The user interface designer and the industrial designer presented their prototype design, describing the shape and layout of the remote. The group discussed colour options and decided to make the standard remote in fruity colours, but with the option of buying different exchangeable covers which might appeal more to older buyers. The marketing expert led the prototype evaluation and the group were happy with their product. The group calculated the production costs. The group were 4 euros over budget, so they decided to make the case single-curved and not to use kinetic energy. The project manager led the evaluation of the project process. The group felt that only the industrial designer and the user interface designer were able to be creative and work as a team. It was felt that the first meeting was disorganised because of poor leadership but the leadership improved in the later meetings. The group were also had problems with the digital pens. The group helped the project manager fill in the final report before the close of the meeting. 
"Okay. No, that's okay. Joost, your mouse. No mouse needed? Mm. A touch-pad? Slap it. Is Um F_ five. F_ five. I don't. You've got your name. Hope it working. Never close your laptop. Yeah. Okay. What is your name? Antek Ahmet. And Joost. Okay. Yeah. Yes. Can we see the white-board on our laptops? No, I saw I saw the file, the smart-board that X_B_K_ but Okay. With that pen? Mm. Mm. Little bit slower. piranha. Okay. Oh. Yellow Hmm. Different. Okay. I will try. Yeah. I will try. Uh Blank? Okay. Then pen again? Okay. Okay, um control. Uh Ah, purple. Um, I don't know what my uh favourite uh animal is, but the easiest animal I can think is is a bird. Uh I will That's my bird. Yeah? Isn't it quite it's a little bit light. Uh, another colour maybe. A red one. A small one. Uh, line width. Two? Three. Oh that's okay. That's another one. Ano Uh uh it's a Yeah, it's uh the most simple uh animal I know, I think. Um, I don't know. Maybe because uh there's there's some s uh free uh maybe in the sky or something like that. Maybe a little bit. Yeah. I don't know. So more uh birds? Okay, okay, okay. M Pictionary. A cow. Okay. Yeah, it's little bit hard. Orange, of course. Uh yeah. Yeah. True. A little bit. Yeah. Don't mess with my birds, yeah. cat. Okay. Okay. Hmm. Different. Yeah. But isn't it It's only for television, I thought. Not I thought it was only for television. So so we probably don't have to have to uh have the functions for D_V_D_ player or V_C_R_. Uh, in the email. I thought it said uh Yeah, television remote control. True. Yeah. True. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. True. Oh my God. Okay. For the bear. Uh I I uh, no I think it Uh, I th I think yo we have to keep it simple, to get a whole market. It's international, so we have to use a standard. Hmm. Use friendly. Yep. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Interface d Oh, I don't I didn't get a message. Oh, the Project Manager. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't think Oh I will need it.
I've lost my screen. Uh Yes. I closed the No. Yes. Antek. 'Kay. I'm going to draw a cat. I don't know why, but a cat is a very uh smart animal. And you can have them at home. Which is not as the case with uh with bingwings and Ye yes, yeah. It's not very uh very good drawn, but you can see a cat from it. It's Ah, it's not scared. He's crying but Uh it's i most cats are small. You can handle them. Yes. Yes, Yes, that's uh something extras. Yeah. Only the experts. Uh, to go with to go with fashion and Team Leader. No. Oh.
Hello. Dang it. Alright. What? I've got a touch-pad. Do you know how how I can wake it up? No, my laptop. You with your brilliant ideas. I don't know if I can touch the power button. Do you know how how I can wake it up? Oh. Come on, move it. Now, wake up, bitch. Yeah, so did I. I closed it. That wasn that wasn't very smart, I guess. Come on. Get back to me. Yes. I closed it. No, I didn't restart it, I just closed it. Yes. Alright. Great. Thanks. Mm-hmm. Yes. Yes. Nobody, I guess. Format. You know, I thought of that actually. Yeah. Its simplicity. Yeah, whatever. I'll go next. Thanks. I haven't got a favourite animal too, so Oh. What should I draw? Thank you, I'll draw a penguin. Yeah. I'll draw a penguin. Whatever. I can't draw, so you can start to laugh already. Whatever. Something like that. Come on. Mm hmm hmm, orange. Whatever. Oh, it's better than your bird. Everything's better than your bird. Whatever. Hey, it's blue. No. Whatever. Um, I like its ugliness and uh Yeah, whatever. The way it walks or whatever. Your turn. Drawing. Or a line. I mean a bird. Hmm. It's a handicapped cat. He's crying because it's ugl because of his ugliness. I wouldn't call it training, but Alright. I don't th I don't think the four of us got problems with remote controls, but if you see elderly people, all these buttons, and then they buy new T_V_ because their previous one was stolen or whatever. And then a totally different remote control with with different functions on different places, and half of the functions a are removed, or whatever. Uh, so I think what we need is is a clear uh remote control with uh grouped buttons, you know. All th all the buttons which apply to the text functions in in one uh Well, one area or whatever, not like the button to enter text on top of the remote control and the button to um, yeah, to minimise it to this this or whatever o o other functions totally somewhere else. I think we should group them. And same for the for the volume buttons and the the t Well I was I was thinking uh since a T_V_ is uh mostly used together with a V_C_R_ or D_V_D_ player or recorder, and not with a stereo, I think it should be good to include functions for V_C_R_s and D_V_D_ players, recorders. Yeah. I don't know. Hi-fi set is uh not often used uh as I know of in combination with television. Yes. Yes, it is only for television, but uh Well well we we're gonna brainstorm about that. If we think it's useful, we do it. That's right. It's a television remote control. But I was thinking since it is useful with D_V_D_ Yep. Yeah, also no one's gonna buy it. I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, way too high. Yep. Well that's an idea of course, yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, what the market wishes. Yeah. You just got a message. And it said uh five minutes, so we got four and a half. No. He's the whatever. Team Leader. He is the whatever. Yes. Project joc project documents is for showing uh on the white-board. Yeah. Yes. Alright. Okay. Yeah. No. I don't think so. Yes? Great. Yeah. Good luck. I will need it.
And then you have to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot. It's important to place your laptop exactly on the marked spot over here. No. Yeah. Try the power button. Huh. Yeah, my name is name. Yeah? Everybody's ready? Great. Well, welcome to the kick-off meeting. I uh forgot to put my name over here, it's uh it's Martin. Uh, so you all know. Well, this is the agenda for today. Well, the opening is what I'm doing right now. Uh, we gonna do some acquaintance acquaintance things. Uh give some um examples of the tool training, project plan discussion and the closing. We have twenty five minutes. Okay, the project aim is to design a new remote control. Uh, some of the oje objectives are that is has to be original, trendy, and user-friendly. So now we all know what our goal is. Um, I oh forget I forget the whole acquaintance part, but we we all know each other. We all know each other's names. Joost, Guido, Antek. Okay. I think we uh al already uh been through that part. Okay, it consists of uh three levels of design. Uh we begin with the functional design, then we go to the conceptual design and the detailed design. Every uh level of design consists of some individual work, and we uh close it with a meeting. You all received an email with a example of our explanation of what uh the particular level of design uh means to the different uh functions, and uh you p you probably read that already, so I don't have to tell you about that. Okay, first we're gonna um uh gonna try some different things with the tools we have over here, so you get acquainted with these uh um uh meeting tools. We have the smart-boards, uh the thes those two boards. This is the presentation boards, wh which one I'm using right now. You can uh um there's a document folder called um the sh shared document folder. You can upload your uh documents to that folder and then you can open them over here, so you can do your PowerPoint presentations on this screen. We also have the white-board. Uh, we're gonna skip through th No, no. Just on the on the screen over there. Oh, no. Probably is, but I don't know if the software is on the laptop. Is is if it's mainly a thing for in the meeting, so I don't think it's I don't know if it's important. This an explanation of the smart-boards. There is a tool-bar over here. It's quite simple. You have the the pen function, eraser function. It's like a very simple uh paint application. Uh, we well, we use the same file during uh the whole day, and uh you can make new sheets by uh by pu puttin pressing on the blank button. It works like this. Oh. If pen is selected, yes. Oh, no no. It's not But it is pen. It's not working like a pen yet. Huh. Huh. It's doing some stuff now. So you can use a pen. You can use an eraser. And you can make new uh fi uh new blanks, and you can change uh the line width and the colour of the pen by pressing on forward, which y you have to select pen format. And then select current colour or line width. So, it's quite easy. Uh well, now you're all uh acquainted with the different tools. Right, we're gonna try out the electronic white-boards. Uh, every participant should draw his favourite animal and some of its favourite characteristics, on blank sheets with different colours, with different pen widths. Uh, I'll start off then. I'll use this uh same sheet. Alright. Oh, let me think. Different colours. Oh. Well, I'm gonna draw um a p piranha. Uh, a fish. Uh. Mm-hmm. I'm gonna use some different colour now. Some a little white. Looks like a fish. Think it is. Oh. Oh. Uh, colour. This is black? I think so. Oh. Oh, this is just uh useless uh drawings but Oh teeth. I need teeth. Well, they're not supposed to be green, or whatever colour this is. Okay. What was uh I have su to sum up its favourite characteris Well, I like its uh sharp razor sharp teeth. Plus, uh the the big uh forehead and uh a small uh, well a small actual face. And I like its overall uh aggressive look and Well, that's what I like about uh piranha. I think that's kind of what uh the intention should be. Well, who wants to be next? You go, Guido? Okay. Uh, make a new sheet. Uh, it's by pressing on blank. Yep. Yep. And uh so in the format menu you can choose the different uh colours and uh pen widths. Well, tell us something about uh your favourite characteristics of these uh particular birds. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. No, uh it's clear. N no no. We get your point. Okay. Who wants to be next? Oh. I'll do so. Okay. Well, you can have a piranha at home. Huh. I don't think uh I don't think uh Darwin would agree with that.. Okay. What do you like about it then? Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, and then we are uh through the tool training, I guess. Okay, this is uh something about the project finance. The selling price of our remote control is gonna be twenty five Euros. And our profit aim is fifteen million Euros. We're very ambitious on this one. The market range is international, so it's gonna be sold world-wide, and the production cost should be a maximum of twelve Euro fifty per remote control. So that's clear. Yeah? Okay, we're now gonna discuss some stuff when well, we're gonna brainstorm about uh what kind of kemoro romo remote control it's gonna be. Uh, well tell me about your experiences with the remote controls. Do you have uh know what good experiences with remote controls? Or do they annoy you sometimes? Are they difficult to understand, or maybe they don't interact with different kind of uh equipment very well? Yeah, okay. Okay. Different functions of of uh Okay. Yeah. Okay. And uh, is it gonna be a remote control that's um what it can be used for different kind of equipment, like your T_V_ and your home stereo? Uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But uh, the D_V_D_ players and home cinema sets often double as stereo hi-fi sets probably. It's what, from my experience. Okay. But we gonna Oh, it is only for televis So wha what What wha what uh what document But, where where did it uh Where did you find that? Oh, okay. Yeah, but most television remote controls support other functions as well. So we can No, we have to think about that. Okay, uh but uh we've gonna put some a uh is is it so user-friendliness, is a is a pri priority in this case, or Okay. Well, this the maybe is uh some aspect of the uh, or or some point at at which we can excel by making it very useful. That w Well, then you're you're the usability uh man, so this uh gonna be a very important task for you then. Okay. Well, other ideas? How can we make it trendy or something? Do uh by just sh shape and the look of it? Maybe a can opener underneath it? I don't know. Or someth something special, like uh M_P_ three player inside of it, or uh Oh, well then the production costs are gonna be too high probably. Okay. Maybe with different type of fronts or uh Well, m has to be something spectacular or uh one which makes it We gonna skip back to the goals probably. Uh, original, trendly, and user-friendly Well, we al also already talked about user-friendliness. No, well something trendy and original, well that that goes hand in hand I guess. When something is original, it tends to be trendy, probably, or we should make it combination of that. 'Kay, so you the um technical part of the process is something you're gonna look after for, so you have to think about what kind of uh equipment you want to uh, you know, you want to manage with it. Well, and that's an important part for you then, with gogors regards to the user-friendly part of it. Well, and you uh should look out for what makes it trendy. Well, you know, y like some special feature. Or some Does it does it gets some gadgetness or something. Okay. Well, the closing. Next meeting starts in thirty minutes. Individual, I think so. The the Industrial Designer will w or the working design, of course, we will uh Already s said that. The User Interface Designer is it a User Inter User Interface the technical functions design. And the Management Expert of uh the Marketing Expert. User requirements specifi Well, this one was already clear to us. Specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. I don't know how much time we have left. Oh, not many I guess. We started at twelve. Oh, and what does it said? W Okay, well um No, we're uh ahead of schedule then. Yeah, close it. I'm gonna make some minutes or take some minutes. And uh it's it's clear you can put the stuff in the project documents presentations. You can all Or we're all uh Yeah. Yeah, but we're all familiar with uh uh Microsoft PowerPoint, are we? Yeah, okay. I'm gonna wri uh write some stuff down and then we're ready. Or we can leave already I guess. or uh or sh or should we uh or is important that we leave at exact uh Okay. Yes. We'll see each other in uh thirty minutes. Yeah, good luck.
";The marketing expert and industrial designer had problems with their laptops. The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project, to design a remote control. The remote should be trendy, original and user friendly. The project manager explained how to use the SMARTboard, and the group did a tool training exercise, using the SMARTboard to draw their favourite animals. The project manager talked about the budget and projected profit. The group discussed initial ideas for the remote, including that it should be a simple design with grouped buttons. They discussed whether the remote should include functions for controlling video and DVD players. The project manager went over the roles of the participants and closed the meeting. 
"Okay. Everybody ready? Welcome at the functional design meeting, again presented by Maarten. Uh this is the agenda, the opening. Uh, we've got three presentations. And I'm gonna show you some of the new projects requirements that were sent to me. And we're gonna make a decision on the remote control functions. We have uh forty minutes. Oh, well this is the the closing already. So uh well we start off with the th the first presentation then. Uh, I think um in uh we have to do it in uh in right order. Maybe the Well, it Oh that. It won't doesn't Maybe we should start with the the technical functions. Yeah? Well it's you dumped the file in the uh in the sh in the project document folder. You've already done that? Well let's close this one. We'll just uh open a new one. Uh, well. Yes. Uh-oh. New thing. Oh yeah, uh I have to say something. Uh, due to some uh technical problems I haven't uh digitized the last uh the meeting minutes. But I'll uh make sure that uh happens next time. And I'll get this one uh in digital uh form too. Okay. Okay. Okay. But it's the technical side of the remote control. Oh. Okay. Well, we'll we'll have to skip that part then. But you don't think it's a problem um to design uh the technical part of the remote control? It's gonna be easy? Okay. Yeah. M Okay. R regardless of what type of functions we want to implement. Doesn't really matter. Okay. Yeah, okay. Okay. Well, we'll see. We'll see later on. No. Well, uh will there be some uh user requirements later on? The ones I I've uh received from the account manager. Yeah. Well, we'll keep this in mind, and then discuss it later on. Uh-huh. Okay, but this real this uh big d uh distinction between this type of remote. we should we should choose one uh we should not compromise but uh really choose for uh expert viewer or novice v Yeah? Well, what that's what you want trying to say. Okay. Okay. Yeah, well some of these Uh, yeah. Well, some of that will Yeah, but i but it will be more clear when we come to the uh u uh some of the new requirements. So Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, then the Marketing expert can uh tell us something about the current market. Okay. Visually presents. Okay. Well, then we I'm gonna show you some of the new project requirements and then we gonna discuss on uh what features we find important. Uh, well some of the uh new requirements make some of your findings quite uh irrelevant, I think. Because um uh s decided to put They have decide to put two additional requirements forward. Well, now I see four. That's kinda strange. Well, they say tele teletext becomes outdated since the popularity of the internet. Well, I think that may be so, but well, we can't just leave the teletext button off. It's impossible, I think. So the compromise we could make is just to make one teletext button, you know, like on and off, and don't make a lot of special put a lot of special features on it to make it transparent or You know, it's just you want you want to be able to make use of teletext, but not to play with it that much. So we have to think of that. The remote control should only be used for television. Otherwise, the project becomes more complex, which endangers the time t t ma uh the time to market. So maybe we should leave all D_V_D_ and V_C_R_ related features off completely. I don't know. I think that uh that's what they're trying to say. Uh, our current customers are within the age group of forty plus. New products should reach a new market with customers that are younger than forty. So you uh talked about the elderly who were willing to spend more on a remote control and who were interested. But, well, they're not relevant because we are aiming at a younger Yeah, but it is it's is a dif it's a fact that the th th that bigger market you're talking about, we already cover that. Our company already sells remote control to the older people, but we we also want, you know, a new customer group. That's the one we haven't covered yet. So I think that's what the problem is. We haven't got remote controls for uh Well I think, yeah. Yeah, I think so. Maybe if it's no no, but I think we have to just keep in mind what the older age group wants. So maybe we can make a remote control that's primarily interesting for the younger group, but isn't that bad for an older person either. Uh, our corporate image sh should stay recognisable in our products. Our product's corporate colour and slogan must be implemented in the new design. Okay, something else nice to know. Sorry? Yeah, you will have to look that up. I think it's something about the Oh, okay. I thought it w might be, let's make things better or something, but Okay well, let's go back to the the agenda. So we've now had to the three presentations. We know about the new project requirements. That means we can uh well d yeah, discuss on the remote control functions. Well, if I can uh make a start, I think it's becoming more clear what kind of remote control it's gonna be, and I already talked about the maybe you have a f familiar with the rem remote control that has the the can opener underneath it. I think we're we're looking for some Yeah, we we're looking for a really simple remote control with only basic T_V_ functions. Y well, that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. M yeah, that's why um well a lot of um the use the requirements the the account manager sent me, I think they are are c are contradicting each other, because they want a simpler design, and no uh other uh s functions than just T_V_, but they s do aim at a younger Well, ma But I think uh you we can make some discuss uh distinctions in uh what kin in the, know, th th in functions you have Y Well you have different kind of uh equipment in your room, like a t T_V_ and a D_V_D_ player. You can uh, know, you you can make very d you can put very detailed functions regarding the T_V_ set on your remote control uh with the with uh the, you know, audio settings and uh v uh screen settings. We don't want that. I think that was that became clear. We don't want. But w maybe we should put some func uh, I know that the younger people will most likely have a D_V_D_ player they want to, you know, they want to uh control, remotely. No, yeah, th th the user requirements of the the The new project requirements told us not to But maybe w Yeah. I think we maybe should Yeah, well we should uh put some functions for other maybe for other equipment on it. But just the basic functions. Maybe like rewind and wind, or n what d what do you guys think? Yeah, if as far as possible. But what do you think? Do th should we implement features that uh uh or functions that to control other devices? No, you don't think so? Yeah, the new requirements say so. Well, maybe it's maybe there there there is something th m most of the time these functions don't support the particular device as well as their their own remote control. You know, a lot of D_V_D_ players have some tricky settings with Yep, exactly. That's that's wha No no, you don't No no, you don't need it. No, no. Okay, but we have to think uh w we have to think D_V_D_ I th uh, I guess, so um but uh from my experience it's kinda a lot of D_V_D_ players, you know, like forwarding, goes differently. Uh, you get two speed or eight speed or sixteen speed. It's c sometimes a bit difficult. Maybe if we just leave the D_V_D_ functional m uh Well, I was thinking about putting it in, but concerning the project requirements and what you just said, I think we m should focus on the T_V_ then. And uh and it's just an uh a complimentary remote and not a universal one. If you want to keep it simple, you can make a universal remote. Okay. It's just a s it it should be something that is like a gadget on your coffee table, and it's just for when you you you jump on the couch, you pick up the the the nice remote, the simple one, just to put on the television, nothing more. Okay. Um, but what televis Yeah, we we'll make w this one trendy. And simple. Well, we we will come to that, but ju first on the on the functions. So we should put uh zap buttons on it. Um, also numbers, to uh to go to the specific channels. Uh, Okay, a t a teletext button should be there. But just one big teletext button, on and off. Probably. Oh, okay. Yeah, but uh I think that becomes too difficult, it's not a very common function and people will have to read up on their remote then. Yeah, yeah, but maybe you s yeah yeah, maybe y you do, but I've never heard of it in the first place. And we have to well t yeah, and t and teletext is becoming outdated. We just want to see what programmes are on and what time it is probably. Yeah. I don't know. I think that that's kin getting too complex for our remote. I don't know what you th guys think. Yeah, but do you like to have a such a s stop button? Or do you think it uh I think it's a kind of uh uh very rare and special function. Yeah. Okay, it goes Yeah, but that's kind of stuff we should do on the internet right now. That's why it was uh said in the in the use in the r new requirements. Well yeah uh, lots of new televisions can store pages, you know, and then you can just skip manually through them using I think we should just put one teletext button on it. Then we meet uh the new requirements. we also meet the other thin y you sh you just re we have to choose for the the simple design, I guess. Okay. Um, well, what functions do we have to decide on? Or do we uh I dunno if we have t stif specifically name all the functions we n we want. We have the zap and uh the volume. Should we do m make them very big? The the the zap button. D d Th that's that's that's considered to be trendy also. Or maybe you should place them on a uh, in a special way? Yeah, something or uh somethin special way to to zap through the it has to s it has to be yeah, and quick. You have to use it very quickly. Yeah, and it the buttons should make it um possible to to zap through your channels in a rapid at a rapid pace. Oh, what should we decide on then? I think in a in a case of this simple remote control, the technical aspects which uh weren't worked out already, but it w shouldn't be a problem then. Yep. No, okay, but we don't have to uh, when we don't want to uh control other devices, I think it makes it even more simple. I think I think that we should use uh d yeah, not not uh the b the watch kind th the most uh Well, it has to be simple, and I wi Which are most likely to be found somewhere in the house, you know. Oh. How much time do we ha we have left uh? M m m more than thirty minutes? Uh ten twenty minutes. Well, uh these these shouldn't Yeah. Yeah, okay. But that's that's Do you uh have you have you think about tha thought about that? How we can what the extra touch can be. Do you suggest design or the shape or some gadget f f kind of feature or Well, it was something about how we lose them. Maybe it should be a remote control when you you clap you hands it makes some noise or some gadget kind of thing. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Nah, um a lot of people like to have such kind kind of kind of gay kind of things. It w it w should be like a birthday present or something that you give someone, and it is i has something nice. Or maybe it w should have a big uh light that can flash or something on it, or maybe it should or an or the like the the can opener. Maybe it contains some feature that you don't normally link to a remote control. I think it's very impor because we're gonna make such a basic remote control, we have to do something to make it special. It's gonna cost twenty five Euros. Yeah, but the well, it's already been done. Nah. Yeah, that's true. But and I think it's gonna be uh very uh it has to be sturdy or something, so maybe with with bouncing pads so that you can just throw it on the floor or something. it has to be used something special, and you really it has to, you know y not s people, when they buy it, they have to think, well this one lasts for a long time. We're really gonna use them. Not some thing you you throw away next week, you know. So maybe uh that's i I think that's when uh when we decide on these type of functions, know, basic functions, uh it's very important to find something like this. So there's a very important task for you. And maybe we can all think about it. Uh, also for you maybe, when t you it's very nice when you can be entra when you can be trendy, and and uh and al as in a friend use friendly as well, you know. So big buttons, flashy design, and maybe some kind of gadget kind of thing. Uh-huh. Yeah, or just different colours would be uh I don't know if people also wanna spend more money on fronts for their uh remote control. It could be be Yeah, you never know, but But it and I think we have to make it quite big. Yeah, people So, and and also because uh it is expensive. If you want it to be something, you know, it's ha doesn't have much functions want to be you don't want to get it l make it Mm-hmm. And shou and should ni look nice when you put it on a table. I I think you m might wanna put it uh yeah, that it it it it stands up. Yeah, you have to put it on its So it's like a vase or uh something you put on a table. no no, put stuff inside it. But, it's like like a statue or something Yeah yeah, but yeah, but you also can put it somewhere near the window in That it's it's fashionable. I I don't Oh, yeah. Yeah, but but when you when it gets lost, how can you press the button to make it Oh, okay. Uh, that's kind of nice. And then also you don't even need batteries, because you can make it uh chargeable. Yeah, that w yeah, but yeah, the pro No, well I think that it might be t p Well, nee but we don't Yeah. Maybe you, but we don't know much about production cost, but when you you can imagine that when you spend twenty five Euros on a remote control and it's a basic remote control, then the then the money there must be money to spend on that kind of st you know, rechargeable units. Yeah, but we would d ma we'd do it in Taiwan and So, it's not gonna be that expen Uh I I think it's a great idea. S some kind of be I've never seen that before, and you make it uh um be uh, you see it with uh the mo the mouses nowadays. Well, I well it's really ch you can recharge it, so you ha never have the battery problem. That's one. And uh you can always find your remote control up Uh, okay. Well, maybe yeah, you could when that's when it's too costly, you could probably skip the recharger, but you will you do need uh also an uh, also you would need a battery in the the base unit as well, you know. Does it makes it kinda Yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, but then it's very easy to make it also a rechargeab I don't think that is gonna cost much to make it also a recharge function in it. Yeah. I think it's a good idea. And make it, you know, we we um Well, we uh it's it isn't a t a most uh costly uh remote control. We can save on the on the functions. We just put some simple button in, make it big and sturdy, nothing more, and just make s sure there's some noise that it can make, or probably some kind of cheap light thing around it or that it uh that it lights up, it's also nice. And if you put it away, I think it's uh w we have to we uh that's uh it's not a easy market. We have to something special. And for twenty five Euros people want something remote c special from your mote control, and we can't deliver that in r with uh regards to the functions, because we aren't gonna put Yeah. And then uh when make it, you know, nice looking shape and this and then you also you got the stand-up thing. Yeah. I think I think it's a good idea. Yeah. Oh, if it let's well, we will see what's possible concerning the the costs, and if it's possible we'll do that. And we even try to save up on other stuff to make sure we can do such a thing. And the first thing we the most likeable thing to to n to skip is then probably the recharge function or something. If that's too expensive, we won't do that. But it would be nice. It's the idea. I know that batteries last long nowadays. And and what people just think about, well, I'll never have to buy any r batteries again, so y b because it's very annoying when your battery is empty. And you know then when you haven't batteries around, and probably for two weeks, your remo I've experienced that that Yeah, okay. So, easy functions. Well, we will we will I think we'll work that out, zapping, numbers on it, bi Yeah. But it's also annoying. 'cause as long as it stays as it ke keeps working, you're not very motivated to do something about it. Then it beeps all the time and. You don't want to have ever have those problems, and you won't have if if you have the rechargeable. And you don't have to use the unit, you can also put it on the side if people don't like it. Uh, i i in the in the ma Yeah, but it w I mean, if if they pay for it because they think, oh, that's a great idea, I'm gonna use it. And when it, you know, when time goes by and they think, well, I'll never put him in the recharger, I think last long enough, then they put it on side and they can use it now and then. Then when they look get m I I I know for sure that everybody who buys this remote control, within a couple of months of they will be in the situation that they they're seeking for the remote control, they wanna see something quick and uh just push the button and th uh, I think it's brilliant. Yeah, I've never it's so simple, but I've never seen it. M maybe we should really do this. Okay now, well, how much time have we got left? These clocks aren't uh synched. Oh, now I've put uh well, it is twenty p Okay, so we have ten minutes or something? Yeah, but we're uh we're done. I think. We've decided on the functions. Well, there is some oh. There is a closing sheet. We have lunch break, and then we have thirty minutes of individual work. Oh okay, I'll make sure I'll I had some problems with uh the digitising the the first minutes, the the s the next minutes won't be a problem, but I'll try to make sure the first one will be in the folder too, but maybe it won't work, but you'll see. I think these are more important than the first ones, so. Oh, five minutes. Yeah, because uh I I d I did uh the first minutes I did were were were a bit scratchy, you know. Then I did a s second one with a nicer layout, which I could uh, know, use for the other ones well, but uh I d think uh I forgot to do put done under the first one, and when you go write a second uh it's get it's not working when you try to write second uh paper or something. And then you you had to overwrite it or someth I don't know. Becau I d uh, it was not my uh pen. this kind of looks you like. Of the shape. Yeah, probably, it would be nice. No, bigger. Well, I I I have to say, I have this uh can opening remote control in my head most of all, or I think some maybe we should no, that will be too costly. We shou we could also, that was a would also be an idea, but I don't think it I don't know if it exists already, you should like make Alessi or something design it. That would also be nice. But that's gonna then you c then you don't Yeah, but then you don't have t yeah it that's not something i that's in the production cost a one it's a one time, you know s was it's a single cost. Yeah, m but but then you can nah, I don't thin I think that it would be more expensive, because I've bought the Alessi stuff more often and even small pencil holders or something are more expensive. Would be a nice idea though. I don't know. I think it uh has to be a r it has to have round forms or something. Like something like that or so or so And on th and then uh s a base unit underneath it. It's also round. Put it in there uh wire on it. Maybe uh, I don't know, some some lights, a big but well. Volume and programme, yeah. And some of the extra funct Some of the extra functions over here. Numbers. And and lights? How we're g well, maybe uh s a ring of no, no, you have to Maybe on the side of it. Along the side uh strip of yeah. Yeah, but I also meant the the blinking li w you know, the ones that also blink when you try to uh uh locate your remote. Well, theys have to be Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. When you you see it from the side, then it would look just like that. And then you have a strip of uh lights or something. Well, uh I think it's nice, for one thing. maybe put something on top of it or, you know, like that's looks funny. I don't know. Or some bump. Maybe some Yeah? We'll have to think about it. I think we're we're done. We can save this one. Mm mm. Yeah, that was what uh Mm, we'll hear about it.
Here we go again. Oh. Okay. Mm, okay. Yeah, it's okay. Okay. No. In project. No can that open. Open it there. Okay. About the get Okay. But nothing restricted for user interface? With technical I don't know. 'Kay. Okay. But I kind of uh Yes. Uh Well, the technical functions. Um, well I don't know if you got the same uh pictures as I got, but uh I got these two, and I think they're we have to focus uh on uh the uh one hand the expert view or the novice user. th I think it's it's very much uh depending on the user requirements, I don't s uh know who's doing t Yeah, but it I think that's very important to watch uh what kind of functions there we want to uh put in a remote control. Yeah, well y we can put functions in it when uh yeah, when we uh get the user requirements uh and we can update it. Well, yeah w if you want try a a a huge market, if you want to reach a huge market, uh like elderly people and we have to choose for novice user. But I don't know. It's it's really um depending on how how how far the the the remote controls are already in n um in use. Yeah, probably, yeah. Uh well, there are l at least uh basic functions, uh like just th the channels uh one till nine, uh on and off switch, which must be clear with a red button or something like that. Um, most standard uh have volume, of course, and a mute function, and, of course, the next and previous channel. I think that's just basic what we need. And from that on we can user requirements what we need more. Uh Yeah, I just um um I thought Joost was looking at the trendy the trends in the markets, and I don't know if there uh are any um uh if you put more functions, more buttons, maybe it's com becoming less trendy or something like that. M you can just you can k you can keep it in mind that. I don't know. Uh, I th I thought the the with less buttons you can make a more trendier uh yeah, more trendier design, I think. I think. Yeah? Uh, well, that's all I have to say, I think. Yeah, that was it.. Okay. Well No way. Yeah. But what's our slogan? The slogan uh Puts fashion in electronics. Sense simplicity. Yeah. Yeah, but wha But Yeah, but you sai you said that that a lot of functions aren't used. So why should j we put this function in? I think more I think uh people younger people are more looking for just a trendy look than uh more functions. Yeah, but uh you said Yeah, d yeah, but th the functions are not in the remote control we're making. It's n Yeah. Yeah. No. No, new requirements say no. So Yeah, but I i if it's too simple uh th they won't use the remote control, they use their own th th with lot more functions. No, no. Exactly. Mm, yeah. Yeah, but just keep it simple and look more at th No. It's only for television. So Yeah. Yeah, nothing more. Exactly. Yeah. The user interface is easy. And the basic yeah, basic functions, yeah. It's too much integrated in the other. Yeah. Will you look Look at the market. Well Yeah, I uh, it's Sunday I always use it for the uh yeah, for the soccer uh Well, uh when you uh uh when you look uh for example um, a couple of weeks ago I looked at the for the flights, and there are a lot of flights in one page, so if if th Yeah, but True. A simple yeah. But trendy, yeah. I don't know. Original. It was uh True. Yeah. Maybe uh Uh maybe we uh uh the batteries maybe. If you use large batteries or small batter batteries. Yeah? Yeah. Okay. Early break. To find him. That's maybe yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but that's yeah. Yeah. Be original, yeah. Mm-hmm. And use friendly, yeah. Yeah. Must brain-storm. Well Why not? More money for us. Yeah. Quite big. Yeah, you think? A standard or something. It's like you have uh four phones. Something like that. On the television. Oh, like this. A char chargeable. Yeah. Why not. Production. It should be possible. I think it's a good idea. To make a base or something? It's it's it's it's it's not the purpose to be handy, it's Mm. Yeah, but that's not it's ugly, I think. No. Yeah. True. Yeah. Yeah, it must be must be a gadget to have. Yeah. Yeah, we c Or just give a beep when the battery's out or uh down. Yeah. true. Yeah. Yeah. And you can leave it just there. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'll Uh fifteen minutes. Can you make an uh uh a part of f folder for the minutes maybe? That not not everything in one one uh folder. Yeah. Maybe. Or the sh Do you get an idea of the shape? A little bit bigger, yeah but Oh, uh look uh look at the pictures. Yeah, flash lights at the side. At the side, or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, side of it. Just two LEDs or something on the side. Yeah. Yeah. Well, uh probably at the side. You know look at the front, but Yeah, exactly, and then there is yeah. Yeah, something like that, yeah. No. No. Bumper or something. Yeah. Lunch break. Okay then. Okay, five uh Oh..
Oh. Oh, I got a nice little screen here over here. I got like this big black border uh on every side. I'll I'll fix it. Yeah, whatever. Yes. I don't know what the right order is. So Mm-hmm. Yes, I agree. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I haven't really found a conclusion like that. Yeah. Design. Sounds interesting. Alright. Yes. Yeah. It's alright. Um Alright, I've done some research for functional requirements. Um yes. The working method um there were hundred uh uh w h one hundred people, uh how do you say uh, f watched using remote controls in the usability lab and they also uh filled out a questionnaire uh with a few questions. Uh, I've lined them up here. Uh, ask whether um common remote control looks good or not, about willingness to spend money on remote control, about zapping behaviour, and uh and stuff like that. I uh have found some interesting things. We do we do got a market. Um, three out of four people claim m uh to find remote controls ugly. So if we make a trendy design, we sure have seventy fi seventy five percent of the market, which you can reach. Um, three out of four users uh zaps a lot, as I uh quoted here from the uh results. Zap buttons are used one hundred and sixty eight times per hour. That's quite a lot. Um, relevant options are, of course, power buttons. Although, only used once per hour. Uh, channel selection, volume and buttons for text, and the more um, yeah, other functions, like audio settings, video settings, sound settings are not said to be very important and uh very much used. Furthermore, fifty percent says uh they only use ten percent of the buttons on a remote control. That doesn't say we got we can leave ninety percent off. But it sure um says we shouldn't make it too uh complicated. Fifty percent also claims uh to have lost a remote control very often in the room. And um an important thing here, the most important customers uh, which is over seventy percent of our market, is in the age range of thirty six to sixty five years old. And uh elderly people, our market, are less interested in uh nice features, but more willingly to spend more money on remote controls. So, what I was thinking oh, wrong side. We shouldn't implement too much features on uh on our remote control, because elderly people will get th lost. Group features for a higher usability, uh what I was claiming in the previous meeting. Um, all the settings, about audio settings, video settings and channel settings, which are not very often used, we could group them uh on one button and make them accessible uh in one menu button or whatever, because they are used very rarely and well, it uh there are a lot of options there, so we can really make uh yeah, how do you say, we can spare at buttons over there. And um, if you want to implement V_C_R_ and D_V_D_ options, group them in the button, not too uh Yeah. Small buttons, so they won't be very um, how do you say Yes, won't be very present, thank you. And a trendy look, well uh, although seventy percent of the market is uh consists of elderly people uh who don't really care for trendy looks or whatever, I guess it can do no harm to make it trendy for the other thirty percent. That was kind of what I found. Okay. Yes. Two? No uh, I agree, I agree. Not too much, no. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. I don't really agree actually, to be honest. It's a very small market which we will approach then if we uh want to reach customers younger than forty. It's only like thirty percent of the total market. Mayb yeah? Okay. Maybe maybe we can compromise a little bit. Not too much then, bu alright. Yes. Yeah, I'll have a look. We put the fashion in electronics. Sense and simplicity. Well, to be honest, if um our uh aim group is uh till forty, not older than forty, maybe that's not very uh yeah, we don't really need to have a simple remote control. I think we can implement more functions then, because um basically uh the younger people are more able to adapt to new technology and therefore will be a more Yes. Yeah. Well, I think Yes. Yeah, control. Not much more than that. Yep. Or we can u u we could put 'em behind the flip-flap or whatever. So t Yeah. Y yes. But but for for example, V_C_R_, that's better example in this case. I think on a remote control for television you don't need to be able to programme uh the V_C_R_ to start recording at three P_M_ or whatever, just play, stop, rewind and uh fast forward. Yeah, I know, but uh Yes. Yeah. Alright. Yes, definitely, yeah. Yeah, and maybe two or three other options, but not nothing more than that. I think stop function is very useful. If you have a uh a page which consists of more pages, and you are not a very quick reader, then I think it's very irritating if the next page shows up, but Well, I use it very regularly, the action. I re I use it quite often. Might be. Might be. I think the plus and the minus button should be uh quite present, yep. Yep. If you grab the remote, your hands should be on top of the plus. Yes. I think double A_. Yep. The most ordinary uh batteries. Yep. I think about twenty minutes. I think that's n that's more for a for an age range or uh ten to twelve or whatever. Yeah, yeah, that's good one, yep. Ye I think the can opener i is a brilliant idea actually, because television and beer is not a rare combination. Yes. Yep. No, that's true. Yeah. Yeah, a swapable front or whatever. Yeah. Yes, definitely, definitely. Yes, it it it should be f be visible nearly anywhere in the room. As I uh as I said during my presentation, fifty percent uh o Yeah. A face? Or uh yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I see what you mean, yep. If you do that, but I don't know if that's possible within the production cost of twelve and a half Euros. I in in the base we could like make uh a button, and if you push it, the remote control itself s makes noise. That's probably stupid, but uh as I found here uh, fifty percent, was it fifty? Uh fifty percent fifty percent often loses remote control. No uh, of the base the the the the the the the thing you put it in. If an a button in in that uh Yeah, you can ma make rechargeable one, yeah. Why not. It should only cost twelve and a half Euros, of course. Aye? Yeah, okay. Yeah. Yes. Yes, definitely. Yeah. Well y you you could connect that to two hundred to twenty volts, of course. I don't know. On the other hand, if you don't do it, we can also make a nice bay. I mean, it looks trendy and still still put a bleep function in it, but um I think the bay is definitely uh Sure, why not. Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. With eye candy, ear candy, whatever. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Definitely, yeah. It would be nice, yes. Most televisions break down before the battery pack is empty, so yes. Yeah, why not. Hmm. No, that's true. Why not. Bleep bleep bleep, oh there it is, yeah. Yeah. No. Nearly. Yeah. Something like that, yeah. Oh. We'll see. Maarten, five minutes. No, that's true uh, yeah. Should we by the way draw um on our nice whiteboard, um a little uh idea of yeah. I dunno. Has anyone got um a little bit detailed ideas about the shape? I don't, for one. A bit bigger I guess, but The shape is nice, it's um something different, and we want we want that. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah, but twelve and a half Euros? Uh Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Something like that is very ergonomic. So Yeah. Yes, volume and programme should be there I guess, because you hands wi uh y your hands will be in the smaller part. Yeah, and the numbers on top, I guess. Maybe ro roun rounds uh uh l sorry. Maybe lights also around the volume and the p the plus minus programme buttons. Oh. Okay. Yeah. Okay, yeah. I think I think that'll be too big tha too big then. Yeah. Yes, we are. Alright. Yes, I guess it's lunch time. I don't know. Half and hour? I thought our next uh next individual round was half an hour. I don't know about the lunch break. Well
My mouse is not working anymore. He's uh when I put it in, is is going to beep beep beep. Huh. Okay, how can I get this on the whiteboard? Okay, I've done that. Yes. 'Kay, we're going to um uh talk about working design. Um, the method of the remote control is uh electrical energy, it activates a chip uh in the remote. It's an electrical circuit which compose uh messages in the form of uh uh infrared signals to control the television. Mm, it's a nowadays very uh known, a known uh uh technology. Um, the known technology can make a cost very low. Uh, it's a wild uh a wide sale uh of uh remote controls in the world. And and the components are very uh very cheap. Um, Uh, diodes, uh bat batteries and uh uh LED lights, they're needed and they're uh everywhere available. Uh, again, it's a fair price. It's a common uh technology uh, like I told um Uh, the circuit board, it's the most um important uh um part of the remote control. Uh, we can use for that uh fibreglass with copper wires, it's it is uh can be made as fast as printing paper. It's uh it's all very uh Yeah, they're making it uh all the time. Uh, and it's not uh very specialised uh technology. I haven't come to here, but um I've got uh some uh images of uh remote controls. They were not uh very uh trendy or just uh just a remote control like everyone knows. So I don't know uh why I should put it here. Uh Yes, but uh I uh haven't made it because uh of the time. But What? No. Yes. Um, no, it's uh it's just a part of uh a known technology, yeah. Remote control is nothing special nowadays. Um I don't think so, because of the all the televisions uh there are a few maybe a couple of televisions with the new functions, but is it useful to put them on a on a standard uh remote? No. But you can put them under the same button. But you can put a play and stop and and rewind. Yes, but we Huh. Yes, but there are there are But how wi how will you be able to handle a whole market? There are uh a dozen of uh dozens of of remote controls that have Yes, but you could put on the z on the zap buttons you can put it to uh to uh access all the same pages. If you have seven pages, you can go up and down. Yes. Yes. Maybe we can make uh a kind of a joystick. But No, it's o just signals uh and the television d uh does the rest. No. The most standard batteries. But i in a way we have to be uh uh special. Maybe th m For the remote control. That's to be uh a formed for your hand. More like a joystick then. But that's that's fun for the first time, and then the second Or you can Yeah. With recharger. Yes, but is that handy? But but remote controls remote controls nowadays can can last uh two years, three years, with with t two batteries. And then you Yes. Or But you pay for it. Maybe like this pen. It has to feel nice in your hand.
";The project manager opened the meeting. The industrial designer reported on working design, explaining how a remote control works and describing its main components. The user interface designer talked about what functions should be included. He suggested they should focus on either expert or novice users. The basic functions should include an on/off switch, buttons for channels one to nine, volume, mute and buttons for next and previous channel. He suggested that a trendy design should not have many buttons. The marketing expert reported on user requirements, including how users rated the importance of different features. He stressed that a trendy design is important, that users zap a lot, and that remotes often get lost. The project manager informed the group of new requirements. The remote is only for TV, should not include a teletext feature, and should feature the company colour and slogan. The group discussed what functions and features the remote should have, and whether to include DVD/VCR controls, a teletext button, stop button, changeable covers, and a base/recharger with locator function. The group also discussed making the remote a rounded, ergonomic shape, and using flashing lights to help locate it when lost. 
"Uh, okay. Again. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Uh, may be better, yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh titanium is probably trendy, I think.. Well, maybe a little bit expensive. I don't know. Yeah, production cost. I Different colours also. Yeah. Okay. uh Ah. Well, I shall go to the next slide. Um um, I still don't have any information about user requirements. I was thinking about just uh the basic functions and I got uh Yeah, but but then wh I don't know when there are new user requirements. I ha I ha I have the I have nothing. Well, I have here a couple of basic functions I could think of. I dunno if they're maybe a little bit more, but Yeah. Yeah, I I uh well, I pointed them out here, just to make it a little bit easier. Um Another function uh is of course we already discuss it on the side. Um, I don't know what costs of it. Uh, I've no idea about it. Uh, I was also looking for what you said, for I got an email uh uh about uh L_C_D_ in in in front of the remote control. I don't know if that's a good idea, or maybe it's a little bit too much for twelve and a half. Production. If we got already uh something like a base. Yeah, I don't know. I d I uh ju I was just thinking about it. Then I got a pop-ups to go to the meeting. But The remote control. a little uh too A little bit A little bit too big, I think. Exactly. Um, yeah. Well, the functions are are not more to discuss, I think. It's it's just the base things we already discussed that the no V_C_R_ or that kind of uh, so that's very easy. Um Mm-hmm. Well, that's next channel. I mean next channel. Uh Um oh, I I got an email with with an uh a remote control with a base. So, it's uh just an idea. And I um uh thinked of the button sizes and I'm not sure uh if they have to be big or uh just small Well, I'm not a e I'm the expert for user-friendly, but not for trendiness. Maybe it Well uh okay, that's your point. Um, yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I've nothing to s Uh, with a little bit larger, yeah. I thought so, but maybe with the Yeah, that groups. Large? Yeah. Most the most used uh buttons. True. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh, that was all y uh personal preference I didn't have. I didn't had any time left. So Yeah,. It's there. Yeah, click on it. Couple time. Well, how uh But how do we use uh fruits and vegetables in Christ's sake with remote control? Uh, make it a banana? Yeah, but th yeah, but that Yeah, but that's Yeah uh uh But d don't we need a creative artist or something like that to m make it to feel like a a a a vegetable or fruit? Yeah. But, we we have to um There have to be the the the the firm colours, our own uh colours has to be in it. Yellow, a Real Reaction. Uh, yeah. We uh f A yellow do Uh, yeah. Yeah, and the button then. Okay, yeah. Okay. Lazy. Yeah. Well well what would you display on it then? But is it isn't that a already on T_V_, a lot of new T_V_s? Yeah. Yeah, and we also have to yeah. And I also Yeah, I dunno.. Oh, okay. We can you away. Yeah, I don't know. Uh, uh I i if it's it's a simple p No, that that's right, and uh I also have to think about new functions, maybe buttons or something like that to control it. Kind of L_C_D_ or something or But how does it display then? W when I go to the second channel, what what does it show me? About that programme? Yeah. Is it fashion? I don't know. That's not up to you. That's up to market if i if it's trendy. Because our our motto is we put fashion Yeah, if you want to be trendy you have to be coloured. Coloured If you have black and white or something, or grey, that's It's too much uh maybe uh with with the L_C_D_ and the docking station and With one thing special. Not a whole package of specialty. And uh the Yeah. It's just an it's just an idea. It's a it's True. Well uh I uh Yeah, I dunno. No, it's too much. It's overdone. Democratically. With a spongy Bob feel. Yeah. Yeah, you just can drop it. Yeah. Yeah. But not black I think. Well if if it's fruit and vegetables, it have to be colourful. But can we ge uh uh Can we combine it or something? Uh with uh yellow and black? Make it a bee? A bee. Yeah, it's our yeah. We we have to use yellow. Different fronts. Yeah. Uh, you can you can l uh let choose the customer which colour he wants, yeah. Yeah, Three three or four uh four uh colours, or something like that. Well, yeah, the Three to one. That's And tita uh titanium, is uh is is it a no? Is It's just like that, th this titanium. No, not all, not all of them. Uh, I think titanium nowadays is way more often used than plastic. In trendy things. Yeah. It's cold in the winter. Yeah. You have that uh M_P_ three player of Nike, I saw. Isn't that titanium with a little bit of rubber? Isn't it Is plastic? Well, it's titanium looking. Yeah, he is. Here he is. Uh, the I don't know if you know the M_P_ three player of Nike. 'Kay, uh that that's very uh with rubber, so it's very rough. True. Yeah yeah, true. Yeah, maybe that's good idea, yeah. But if you want to la uh yeah, last longer than two weeks or something like that, you can maybe I don't know. What time does The rubber. Yeah. Uh no, not too much I think. Or you just make uh one colour, uh maybe with a a z a kind of like a big wave or something like uh In in another colour. Not more than two colours I think. It's a g a little bit too flashy. The funct yeah, I was I was thinking about th the st do we still want a joystick idea. Yeah. The volume, teletext and Yeah yeah yeah yeah, b Yeah, but wha what kind of menu? Is uh isn't that different from every television? Mute. Yeah. Okay, that's not mu not much functions. So Okay. Yeah. Too much colour, i it uh when you got it in a living room, it's too much maybe. It has to be Yeah. No. Oh, okay, yeah. Yeah. I hope so. And the other thing is that you don't have kind of prototype or something like that. You see a kinda prototype you can a little bit more uh Yeah. With you laptop? Yeah. Oh my God. Well you are. We're not.
Okay. Keyboard work. Yeah. Alright. That's true, I guess. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, that'll be for the future, I guess. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. Alright. Yeah. That's okay. Mm yeah. Then you and then you've got a flag s Very big R_C_. Yeah. No. Next channel, previous channel. I think it depends on the function. Well, if you save uh Perhaps uh s tiny buttons aren't user-friendly, then we wouldn't im implement that of course. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yep. Those are probably the the th Yes. Those are probably the b four most most used buttons on the th in the remote control. Sorry? Yeah, sure. You don't care. No, sorry. Yeah. Oh. Go away. Come on.. Oh, great. Well, I've done some research again about trends on the internet. Um I've done some investigation, and uh well I uh got some information from fashion watchers from Paris and uh Milan. Some uh some findings the most important thing is fancy look and feel of the remote control. Uh, well, we were going to imply that, so that's nice. The second important thing is uh innovative technology in the R_C_. Uh, our market really likes really likes that. And uh the third point there in this uh order if of importance, the third point, is a high ease of use. And uh, well, for the idea, I've put some trends uh for the market of elderly people. Dark colours, simple recognisable shapes. So we probably won't do that. The younger market likes uh Well, the themes of of this year are uh surprisingly fruits and vegetables and spongy material. I found this image, which is uh Well, it symbolises the idea of fruits and vegetables. I don't see the spongy part in it. But with a little bit of fancy Exactly. I got some ideas Uh well, yeah, pictures isn't really good word, but um some symbols of fruits or vegetables maybe. Uh, catchy colours. Fruit is uh yellow, green, red, whatever. So, remote controls in in catchy colours. Uh, no, we don't want dark colours. No, I just put them there to uh, yeah, uh for general idea. And uh, the docking st uh I think the spongy material is is very irritating for the uh remote control itself. But to Yeah, the To implement some spongy thing, maybe we can do it in the in the docking station. At the bottom of the docking station or whatever. And uh, we could bring one line with a dark colour uh to um uh p uh yeah uh uh v how do you say? Yeah, also a bit for elderly people who are a little bit crazy and want maybe want a little younger design but still the dark colour. I mean it it it reaches a different market uh, but it it it doesn't cost really much effort to b to uh bring uh like a black R_C_ on the market or whatever. Yes. Yeah, there's there's always a Well there there's always empty space of course on a remote control. I mean I think this part of the R_C_ uh well the upper the upper part or whatever is uh is not not used with buttons, I guess. So you you can put some fruity things No, of course not. Especially i Yeah, yeah. Yeah, exactly. If we make it little bit greenish. A and we could use one of these for the uh w what is it? Uh Isn't Wha whatever. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Well, w we can uh w we can we can produce multiple uh multiple things. This is then the uh pear. I don't know the English word, so forget it. And um, maybe, yeah, a b a banana is uh is n not easy for a remote control, but m yeah. Mayb maybe two or three. Yeah. No sure, but but B but that's great, and and and what I was what what I was saying, the catchy colours Yeah. Yeah, uh not really. Pictures was a was a bad word, but Well we c yeah. Yeah, sure. Maybe we can if if we got our docking station over here. I can't draw with this thing, but I'll try. If this is our docking station, we can make our logo over here. It doesn't work. And then Well, the button button over here or whatever, I don't know. On the front, of course, because else you can't find it. Well, that were my ideas a little bit. I'll close 'em down. Um, go away. Conceptual design, yes. The agenda. Well, it's nice, of course. But I don't I don't know what to display on it. I mean Yeah, but it should be li like this big, and I don't think Yes sure, but it it has to to show an entire title of a programme or at least a q a quite quite large part of it and then you get a very large L_C_D_ screen, because Yeah, I don't know. Programme information. But Well a lot a lot of T_V_s indeed show uh when you uh zap to a But then we also uh w need to bring out a line of T_V_s which we were planning to, but whatever. Because the T_V_ has to send information back to the R_C_, and I don't know if that's possible. Yes, yes, o of course it's possible, but you gotta uh implement it in the T_V_s, and I don't think everyone's gonna buy a Real Reaction T_V_ within a month after the release of our uh remote control. Yeah. That's true, that's true, it breaks f yeah, it it it's not very solid, it's uh frag fragile. No. No. I don't think so ei either.. Ah. Bastard. Yeah, I guess. No. Yeah, that's true, if you uh Yeah. No. Well, I think it's uh I think it's pretty trendy, to be honest, uh but um I don't know if if if well, I'm coming back to the costs again, but I think uh we gotta build a b pretty cheap design to to stay within our limits. And I think uh especially colour L_C_D_, which is indeed pretty trendy. But I don't think Uh, I think it will be too expensive. Uh, did it say a price also uh for for uh monogramme uh L_C_D_ or uh coloured L_C_D_? Yeah really, if y if you c i I in in two thousand and four you can't uh put something on the market which is a monogramme. Really. Yeah. W we've we've gotta find a balance, of course. And I think We have a pear. Is that so? Was it it wasn't just a prototype? Exactly, I've never seen it in a store. I think it's a little too much, yeah. Okay. No.. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, for the spongy uh feel. Yeah. Yeah, airbag. If you drop it if you drop it the airbag comes out, yeah. Yeah. No. Yeah, b yeah, that's what w I I was pointing at. What? Oh, a bee. Oh. Yeah. Hmm. Well, we can as as I draw really nicely over there. We can put the logo on our uh on our base station. Uh, yeah. And maybe very very tiny on the remote control itself. But, i Yeah. I guess that's that's enough. That's way too Nokia. Yeah, definitely. Just bring more designs on the market. Why not, yeah. Sure. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, I think it I think it does. Yeah, o On the other hand, if you want to make fruit fruity stuff with uh Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yes. Yeah. What? Oh, yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah, I see. Yeah, but but but Yeah, I th I think that's difficult, because uh that's different material, and then you gotta have like uh uh uh two material lines of of of Yeah, if it's just a colour uh which you uh which you change then, I guess it's it's nice to have one of these. Uh Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah, yeah. Yes. New prints on it. Yep. How do you mean? Th th the uh base in a in another Yes. How the buttons yeah. Yeah. No, definitely not. Yes, definitely. No, I think that's too vulnerable. Yeah, but that's that's I was thinking that's gotta be on the television. Mm. Yeah, if it's c if Yeah, I think it's okay to to add a menu button for uh and if the T_V_ doesn't have a menu, then Yeah. Yeah, you can put that on the two eight four and six or whatever. Mm, yeah. A mute and a teletext and a menu. That's all. Hmm. Great. Yeah. Yeah, definitely. Are we gonna do something with the uh spongy thing there? Yeah, that's true, that's true. Yeah, it's kinda fruity, and with th with catchy colours uh uh w Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Okay. I guess so. Yes. Yea yeah. Yep. Something like that. I guess not. Do you, guys? No? In the shared folder. You'll see in you email, I guess. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. Construct one, yeah. Alright, shall we get back to work? Great. Yeah. Bastard. You lazy
Yes. Okay, when we talk about uh components design, um it's really about the material and the and uh uh really the stuff we build uh the remote controls of. Um, a remote control consist of uh components and the components of a remote control consist of uh properties and material. We have to choose th uh these uh wisely and it could affect uh uh a kind of grow of in uh in buying uh the remote controls. Um, the components of a remote control are of course uh the case. Uh the properties of the case, um it has to be solid uh in hard material like uh hard plastic uh with soft rubber for uh falling and and uh uh yeah, it feels uh good in your hand. Mm the buttons has to be uh solid too, and the material is soft rubber. Uh I've got a uh email from the possibilities of Real Reaction. Um uh they're telling me that um when we build uh a remote control of um of plastic or rubber, the uh buttons have to be uh rubber too. Mm It's okay. Yeah. I when we use a rubbled a doubled curved case, we must use a rubber push-buttons to uh the the rubber double-curved case is a is a t uh three-dimensional uh curve in the in the design, which is uh necessary when we want to be trendy. Uh Um the energy source, uh I've got a lot of possibilities for that too. Um, uh the basic battery, which I thi prefer because of its uh its non uh non-depending of of of uh um Uh here you have to have a hand uh yeah, kinetic uh energy. Also in uh this one, like in the watches, but a remote control can lie on a table for a day, and then you push uh a button and so you don't have to uh walk with it all the all the time. Mm, solar cells are also uh a bit weird for uh remote controls. Um uh also the case material, uh I think that plastic is the is the best with rubber, because uh wood or titanium would also be a bit weird. Uh, they don't tell anything about the cost of uh titanium. Um the chip uh the chip set uh and the board is uh all off the shelf. Also, the speaker in the remote control, when we want to retrieve it. Um, the base station is also off the shelf, all the materials and the components are uh just available in uh in our uh factory. Mm, I've told about uh the three first points. Mm, the simple electronical chip uh is is available uh with the LED transmitter uh transmitter. Uh, it's all uh off the shelf and even the speaker and the wireless retriever are all uh available in our company. Um, another possibility. I uh yeah, I looked up on was uh the L_C_D_ displays. Could be uh something special to our uh remote control, and it's possible, but it only cost a bit more, but maybe it can be uh within the limits of twenty five Euros. Ah yeah. I th I got an email with uh some examples and it these were were the most trendiest one. You see uh a covers, which can be Um, I don't know. Um Yes. Yes, maybe we can uh bri uh bring a couple of uh couple of types of uh maybe a kind of uh whole uh um a whole set of uh different uh remote controls. Maybe we can bring a whole line uh with uh with a huge variety of uh uh house uh stuff. Like uh maybe radios and uh television also uh in this in this in the same style, but Yes, because we have to uh we have to we have to bring the logo and all the stuff uh back into it. Thank you. Uh-huh. Maybe we can bring t uh uh teletext to the t to the remote control. But you're the expert. You did the research. It's from your research. Grapes. For a big team of artists. But uh but I think we don't have to make we can't make all uh ten designs. We have to make one design I th I I think. But pictures of fruit, vegetables vegetables Yes, you can put a logo on top of it. Yes, it's really fruity. With a strawberry on top. Only if we Maybe maybe we can make a T_V_ guide on it, for the channel you're on. No, no, only the T_V_ channel with the with uh with uh four programmes. You can uh zap through them with the page up page down button. Yes, it can On your No, on your mobile phone you can y you can read text also. So why not on your remote? Uh, programme uh information or or or or g or a guide on t on teletext, yes. Also on the internet. But Yes, but you also want to know what's next. Yes, that's uh really possible. No. No uh um Y yes, you can use uh buttons uh uh w that are already uh on the remote control for double functions. Uh, then you push a button. The title and the information about the programme. But but uh yeah, what he said was right, about the televisions, they have to be uh customised to the But maybe in future it will be a giant hit, and when you are the first you have the biggest uh Yes, you can put uh a little L_C_D_ display on it with uh with lots of information. But uh I haven't thought about it. But whe but when you put a a a transparent uh plastic uh uh screen on top of it, it i it isn't vulnerable. You can throw with it and When when you put uh maybe a colour L_C_D_ t uh screen on it, it's very special and very trendy to have uh a remote control from But uh I've got a the email with uh with the possibilities. And L_C_D_ was a possibility for the remote control. So why don't we use it. No, but it doesn't sa say anything about a colour or But, mm, I alf I also got a possibility to put uh a scroll button on it. But I didn't think that Yes, but o on the No, when y But it look Yes, but that remote controls are already on the market. The simple Yes, but but when you want to have something special Yes, but you had a picture of it from another company. Yes, it was already made. Tha the remote control on the docking station. Yes, he have a picture of it. Okay. Mayb I will rule the world with it. Yes, maybe a bit of a cushion is Yes. Like a b yes. Maybe it but then we have to look that it uh w uh will not um be too childish to see. Yes, real real good colours. Hmm. But that's not really fruity. Uh fronts of the We can have uh different uh uh fronts of the telephone. Are these designs? Yes. It this a real uh young young and dynamic uh uh styles. Yes. Yes, But also w Yes, b bu but when we use s soft mm Mm. But it it then it uh you can't throw it it. It will uh make a huge noise or break other stuff when you throw with uh titanium with your remote control. No uh, titanium is a bit uh it's a bit harder. But also on the colours, the young Yes, but a titanium remote control, when you're uh watching T_V_ uh or your hands are a little bit sweaty, and the Yes. Sports and gaming. Define. Yes, it's w but it is uh plastic. Yes, w we can do that on the on the We can make this as a style too. Uh, this is uh just a No, we c we can make it from the same kind of plastic. Uh I don't have the information. Uh, I I didn't got it Yes. Like the M_P_ three player. Uh, in a lot of other uh in a lot of other product uh categories like uh even in b in bags industry. Uh, they began with uh t typical uh leather bags, but then they became stylish, with all all si all sort of colours, and w kind of fon of uh of fronts, like we can use on the telephone and it Like Eastpack uh began a revolution with it with all this uh kind of bags and and colours and and Yes, and and styles. They have uh also uh a kind of uh um uh roses on it, a and uh Then we can always uh use the same design for a greater resemblance, but with new uh with new colours, new yes. There there are three uh components three components type. You have the buttons, the the case uh itself, and the rubber and th Yes. Yeah, or or when you use the buttons as black, it you can use two colours as well uh But then you have to put uh up and down and uh left and right Okay. Uh What are we going to do now? I will make one in the next uh twenty minutes. Back to the pen.
Okay, all set? Welcome to the conceptual design meeting. The agenda. The opening. I'll again be the secretary and make minutes, take minutes, uh and it will be three presentations, just like the last meeting. So um, who wants to start off? Technical uh designer again? Okay. Uh, yeah. Uh, before we begin it, I want to say I've I've put the minutes of the uh second meeting in the shared folder, but they're still not uh quite okay. It uh it uh still some technical difficulties so the the first part of the minutes are very hard to read, because there are two documents that uh were layered over each other. So But uh, from now on I won't use my pen anymore, so will be p just ordinary keyboard. I think it will will be more uh easy for you to read the minutes. Twelve and a half. Actually What are those, t tooth uh brushes, or so But it's actually kind of uh well, it resembles the design I had in mind for this proj You know the the cartoonish Alessi kind of design. And we can we can steal their ideas. Huh. Well, it's a possibility, too. Uh-uh. Okay. Next time we're here. Oh, okay. Okay. Oh, we decided upon that in the last meeting. Didn't we? Oh, okay. Well, tha I didn't receive any new requirements or somethi Just no, but we decided to use only b basic functions only. Okay. Well we maybe we can think of that later. W just these are the ones you already summed up in the Okay. Yeah. That might get redundant also maybe. I don't know what kind of information it would Yeah. Yeah, it's okay. Okay. That's not It was not a good idea. Okay. No. No. But you do mention the next and previous uh button. Oh, okay, o okay okay. Huh. Mm-hmm. Well, w when we only use basic functions, we have the possibility to make the buttons larger. Well, I think we already agreed upon the fact that the the the skip buttons and the cha and the volume buttons, th th those two have yeah, they have to be large. Uh, I mean th th the the two two basic buttons, you know, the to skip channels and to uh I think yeah, I don't know why, but I think that is that's t trendy too, because that's the mo it it you know, it's uh acc acc um accentu uh, how do you say it? It puts an extra accent on the the on the simplicity of our remotes to j to make these two most basic functions extra big, like t Yeah. And you want to acc accentuate that, you know. So Okay. No uh, that's coo it's cool. Well maybe c then we have to do something with Sponge Bob then. It doesn't stroke with the with the dark colours. Not the dark colours? Okay. Okay. For diversity or something. Uh No, but I I I think that uh our design already resembles so a piece of fruit. It's like a pear or something. No, I don't think you have to do it like Yeah, but it that doesn't have to remind you, you know, like explicitly of s our f of a of a specific piece of fruit, but just, you know, like the the the the round curves. And so y I I think this y it already sem resembles uh something like a pear to me or something. Yeah. You do get the idea, eh? The fruity kind of round 'Kay. Yeah, uh yeah, I don't know. Uh, this is a b yeah. Yeah, yeah. Of course we have uh we have a very big uh the s Of d design team, yeah. Yeah, but It's pear, I guess. No. No, but I think it's it's already what we were were up to. Uh, it's it doesn't have to resemble uh what I already said, a specific piece of fruit, but just, you know, like a fruity thing going on. And it's it looks fruity to me. And uh, but I do like the yeah, I do like uh the f uh to the idea of making a a y uh, a catchy colour design and a d because I do I think a dark colour would be nice too. Maybe it's too much, you know. Okay, but what are the This is yellow. But I don't think our our company colours are this fashionable. Yeah, on uh n uh on the bottom of the remote you can do Okay. Okay, you can you open the conceptual design presentation? See what was on the agenda. This is his own remote. Because um, maybe we can start with the technical uh functions, but I don't think it's there uh, yeah um, do we want to um use an L_C_D_ display, for example? Me neither. Yeah, but it's so I don't think we should do it. Yeah, but no. I do I think it's a bit redundant, actually. And it's also not I don't th even think it it looks s like sexy or something, it's But you're already watching the T_V_, you're not gonna watch your remote control. I really understand you want to make your job more exciting by putting an L_C_D_ in it, but I I really don't think it's a good n goo because it also doesn't stroke with we wanted uh c When we talk about the materials, uh it's a good idea to use these plastic materials with soft rubber stuff on it. It was our idea, you know, to give it a more sturdy look and that you ca like you can throw with it. But I don't think a L_C_D_ display fits in that image. You know, it's like more vulnerable, and it adds nothing really, you know. Yeah, yeah. You could make it, but it's just it it doesn't I don't think it it's coherent with the design we're after. But that's my opinion. Well, you you y Okay, we can vote for it. You want the L_C_D_ display. I don't want to and he doesn't, so it's up to him. If we wanna And I've read somewhere that I've got some kind of veto veto uh rights. So I can also say But did we skip the Yeah, you could do m but what what i so what i but do you think we should We're not even sure what what information we want to display on it. So Nah, that's not gonna work. Yeah. Oh, well uh I've seen it done before. Do you know th like the the bigger rem uh universal remotes, they have d L_C_D_ displays, but then it's very functional to indicate which what uh uh device you are controlling. So it's that that's what I've seen. But it just it j it doesn't doesn't match with the our whole basic concept. Well yeah, yeah, okay. That's maybe not the most important, but it's just I don't think so. Yeah, well do you ha do you have to You haven't looked after the trendiness of L_C_D_ displays, have you? Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah, but we're gonna if it Then uh then you better don't yeah, d Uh uh I really don't feel the whole idea of an L_C_D_ display. I'm sorry. It can't co you cannot convince me. I don't know how well how to with you guys, but I don't really feel it. We already we're uh Yeah, we already have the the th th th base station gadgets, and want and it uh uh, do it has to be a simple design, which sturdy, which soft I don't think I j uh, and really, I don't see how the the L_C_D_ display is gonna add anything, you know, on a design level. Uh, I think it's slicker to have no L_ CEDs. Y we want to it's simplicity, w you have two big buttons and you can do whatever you want with these two buttons, so you don't need an L_C_D_. It doesn't fit in our philosophy uh behind the whole remote. Yeah, but we already have the docking station, which is It has to be developed, but no, but it that's that's our that's our killer feature. That's our what makes it special. Yeah, we're gonna develop our own r n docking station. Uh, but re we really have to cut this off, I re I know you I I I I I get the idea you really like it, you know, the the L_C_D_ thing, but I I think it's it's not a good idea, and we have already mentioned all the arguments. I don't uh, do you guys agre How do you guys think? I d Okay, we s skip the L_C_D_ display. I'm sorry, maybe you can do something if we are at your own place, or make it make it make it happen in your basement or something. But Probably so. Okay. But for the technical part. The m material, I think uh it was a good idea to use the plastic and uh the rubber. Uh Yeah yeah yeah, p Exactly. This is what it w Yeah, but it it was already what we're uh we're after, you know, to give it uh, you know, the soft touch in your hands and also to, know, like Yeah, that is y the b airbag kind of thing. You can st throw it at your little brother's head. Yeah. No no no, not that comfy. Yeah yeah. Yeah. Okay, that's a that's a good point. And that's why I like the dark t col dark colour bit, you know, because it may be the design uh, it's uh maybe it is a bit of the it's a bit nineties maybe, what we're what we're up to rat fun to this point. Yeah, that's that's true, but but it has to be a little big solid. It mustn't be too, n you know, th too overwhelming, then when you put it on your just Yeah. Yeah, maybe so. No, uh I don't like the yellow and black combination. But it is our company colours. Apparently. I don't like yellow, and uh maybe I don't know. But Okay, but what uh, what are other tef technical things we have to discuss? Should we do that? I don't think you we should do that. Maybe just bring it out in different colours, but not af that you can switch fronts afterwards, that's also too much. People don't wanna spend more money on their remote control, I guess. Yeah, yeah. But uh, without gon uh okay. So, are we through the technical part then? Okay. So we uh agreed upon uh n uh well, not u unanimously or how you call it, but Yeah. The materials you uh mentioned in your your personal preferences were all were quite okay. O o only only the last point your no titanium's not not out of question, I guess. But is it possible to use both the the plastic and so uh soft things and t p titanium, as well? Makes it in a homogeneous uh design. It will it will break other stuff w when it's plastic, as well. Yeah. No, but uh uh, you should ma Yeah. Okay, think of the possibilities and make it in completely titanium. Well would it be more trendy? More chic? Yeah, but I I really like the idea of the the the plastic and the big kind of thing. But the question is i then it's, you know, is is it fits in our s philosophy to make it uh sturdy and simple and uh, know, like uh When you make it titanium, it becomes more like some kind of gadget you actually don't need. And when it's big and plastic, it's like some fun stuff you can always have around. It's always fun to have something big and plastic around. Yeah, that's beautiful. Oh, maybe th maybe this is an No, I do like the idea of maybe a t titanium kind type of body w and then with s plastic colouration around it. You know, like the the soft stuff, but I don't know if it's possible. But you can't make the plastic give uh the ti titanium look. But make it just like shiny. Maybe we should uh shou And uh and maybe we sh should we t I don't know if we should talk about uh, how how much time have we got left? Forty minutes. Okay. You putting in different colours. Okay. Okay. Yeah, but w yeah. Well, it is. It's a possibility. But, let's think about the bas Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. But wha th our basic idea y I mean, you gonna we're probably gonna have like two type of materials, like the d d b the plastic uh enclosure and then the the pads that surround it. And and pro and lights. We have to incorporate the lights too. But, uh do w gonna gonna are we going to give it a two-tone colour look, like the the plastic mould is in in one colour and the s the cushion pads around it are in another colour? Is that the idea? Is that a good idea? How many colours are we how many colours are we gonna we're uh uh f uh f Only five minutes left, by the way. How many colours are we gonna give it? Like two-tone colour? T I think maybe the case itself should be in one colour and then the rubber of the buttons, and the cushions as well should be in another colour. Okay, but not more than Well, yeah, it's No. Maybe we should talk about it on a l in a later meeting. Okay. But we have to uh think of some other uh important things. Uh oh yeah, the the functionalities of the the buttons. No. I think this is okay, the so we have the basic. Then we have the numbers. We have the power button. We have we have a teletext button. And maybe want to access a a menu or something. Most T_V_s have a menu. Yeah, but I think you ha I really need a menu button. That's just i the only button only You know, I No, I think most T_V_s have an uh a menu nowadays to access the uh uh screen settings. And so But that that covers all the all the other settings. It covers everything then. No, you can use the And you al can also use the normal skip buttons for that. Th in that way we have like only the numbers, the power button, skip and volume, and then uh uh ten uh rem uh yeah, mute. A teletext and a menu, and then then i that's it. It's all we need. Okay, uh another stuf some stuff about the the the design of the docking station. Something important about a s uh, no, uh which sh uh should remind us of the remote itself, I guess. Uh, in one colour. Just use I think the spongy thing already um comes forward in the in the in the cushions, pads and things on the s uh side. And we will make it spongy and and uh and uh well, the fruity thing is just the shape should be fru i did I think this is kind of fruity, you know. Just round shapes with uh Yeah, but we're gonna have to we really have to think I think colours is very important, because it has to be flashy, but and but it d it doesn't have to be annoying, that when you uh, know, some things is just over the top, and when you have it on your table for more than two weeks, you it just gets annoying, because it's so big and flashy. Uh, it has to be some level of subtlety, but we have to still have to think of how we manage to uh to get to that. Okay. Guess we're through then. But we I think also we just so we have to do something with colour but also, I I think we have to keep the dark colour thing in mind. I think that's uh adds to the too much colour maybe m um But our des design experts will uh work that out. Okay, well I think the meeting will be over within a minute. So we will wrap up. Or is there anything we'd like to discuss? That's right. Okay. Okay. Well, you will read the minutes uh in the you can find them in the pro probably. Yeah uh no, for su for sure because I'm will now type them out. Uh, y yeah. I think uh But toilet paper roll and uh Okay. Yep. I was waiting for the l last message, but Mm yeah.
";The industrial designer talked about the options available for materials and components. He suggested that the case should be double-curved, and be made from plastic and rubber rather than wood or titanium. He also recommended using basic batteries rather than solar or kinetic power. He also mentioned the possibility of using an LCD screen to add something special. The user interface designer went over the functions to be included in the remote. The group discussed using large buttons for the most frequently used functions. The marketing expert gave a presentation on trend watching. A fancy look and feel is most important to users, followed by technological innovation and ease of use. The younger market also likes the theme of fruit and vegetables and spongy material, which could be implemented through fruity colours and using a spongy material for the base. The group discussed how to incorporate a fruit and vegetable theme, as well as the company colours and logo. The group discussed whether to include an LCD screen, and eventually decided against it. The project manager closed the meeting and told the group they would receive emails about their tasks for the next meeting. 
"Okay, welcome to the detailed design meeting. Again, I'm gonna take minutes. Oh, we're gonna have a prototype presentation first. Uh, who's gonna give the prototype presentation? You two guys? Okay. Go ahead. Oh no, the the the mute button misses now. Do y do you did we want to have a m mute button? Huh. Wait, there's was one thing I wanted to ask. Uh, there are different ways for remote controls to uh do uh like uh d I call it teens and twenties. Uh, y th th th the two numbers. Yeah, but do we have do we need extra buttons, for example some uh some have to Yeah, but you don't you don't actually need them, becau b l a lot of remote controls work that y when y that you when you fir you push the one first, then you have a couple of seconds No, I don't think so. Nah, I don't think so really, because you have a I know some remote controls that don't have these buttons, but you still can, know, obviously you can still select the twenty uh a number in the twenty or in the ten. No, I think uh I really think it's n because you can when when you put a button on it with like one and uh then a dash, it's the same thing as when you just push the one, because it i it first gives you the functionality of that that uh separate button you also had to uh apply. Yeah, because that's i it's for television. It's exact the same thing. No, listen listen. When you push the button, the remote control gives a signal. I in th in the first place it gives a signal which it would also send when you put a separate button on it. The one with dash, that signal gi and when y whe when you don't push another button on the remote control within five seconds, then the remote control gives a signal for channel one. I think it works that way, really. Yeah, but it's exact the same that w would appear when you put a separate button push a separate button. Yeah, but you don't underst uh you don't understand my point. I think it's exact the same thing when y No, but then they would a would also support that button, because it's the same thing. Listen, with that that's that special but button you're talking about, eh? That's just a signal to recei ju they send a t signal to the v tv T_V_ that they have to put a one in on your screen and a dash, which you can pu so you can uh still put another number on it. When you don't have that separate button, and you push y one, it's exactly the same thing. Do y you the remote control gives that same signal as it would give when you only had Yeah. But you give the input. You push the one. That's the same thing as the button with the one and it yes it it is. Think about it. And it's the same thing what happens and a g remote control gives another signal after five seconds that is just one. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, but I m uh but it's I I know for sure that some televisions that w th th the remote control supplied, only ha has the c these buttons with a one and a dash and a two and a dash, but when you use a bu a n remote control that doesn't sport these buttons, it still works. But okay, we we'll impl No, we'll apply them then for now. Yeah, app just apply them next to the zero, the one and the two. Yeah, I think so. Yeah, for now, if we don't know for sure whether Yeah but okay. What I said about uh the remote control sending another signal, that that might not be true, but I still think i it it all T_V_s in some ways support it, I don't know. I think it's more c is m maybe we don't uh we both don't really understand how it i how it really works, but I think there's more to in than wha than what you just said. I do think that uh m T_V_s support mur multiple kind of remote controls. M Th won't work wi with uh to have that special button. Okay, well we'll see. But Well let's ha let's talk about the docking station later, because uh maybe we have we have to uh consider the docking station anyway, because we have some uh cost issues still to come. But we have to look n I don't know. Yeah. Okay. Yes. That's it? I think added lights are gonna be a problem too. Okay. For now, uh this is uh is good enough. Yeah, what was uh on the Okay, but in the oh yeah, the colour, because we're gonna use uh one colour for the the plastic enclosure and one colour for the rubber, isn't it? Then we're gonna do the buttons in the i are we're gonna have rubber buttons. And they're be a they'll be in the same colour as the rubber on the side. Okay. And I think we should use a a darker colour for the um plastic, and maybe some more m brighter and flashy stuff Yeah, we'll talk about the lights later. 'Cause I also don yeah, it's depends on the costs and such. But uh, and we have to agree uh upon the exact colours, but may I dunno if that's important, but we'll talk about that later. Okay, for now this is this is okay. Um, the next p y you gonna give a presentation too? Uh, I have to see the agenda. Detail design. Evaluation criteria. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I think four maybe would be appropriate, because it's Yeah, maybe it really depends on taste. Uh, I mean it's kind of, our design. It's so if maybe a lot of people find it really ugly, you know, o other people find it really cool. I don't know or uh I don't know how you Casting. Yeah. Yeah, but we d we didn't we're we're not planning to use fronts, I believe. With a colour a co a colours. Oh, okay. Okay, but Oh, maybe we should do three or something that w you know, our Yeah. Uh, I was thinking about four, so I think three is uh Yeah well, let that let's make that a one. That's one thing for sure. Yeah, two or a one, I guess. It's something we really put work into. Yeah. But Well maybe a two, because of the menu button or something. And telete Yeah, we don't know if the uh they're necessary. I think a two. Came a long way, but not we didn't not uh No, w w it can also always be more simplistic, but two is yeah. Yeah, uh a t I think a two. Yeah yeah, y i it's hard to say from this picture. But I do think it's more But I do think that it's more trendy than beautiful. So so I think maybe it has to score higher uh on this than on the A th a three. I i uh when you compare to the Uh uh what's the difference with Okay. No. Yeah, but we uh you mean the rubber stuff? Yeah, but we have t we have to talk about the lights uh. And I don't u also it's also really not innovative, it's more No, six. Or seven maybe, yeah. Or six. Yeah, mine is seven. Uh it's uh depends on the on the maybe No, I think I think actually it's a seven maybe, but there's nothing innovative about it. N no no, t. Yeah, I mean the dock station, but but uh, I think the the docking station, it's gonna be a kind of a problem. But Well, let's leave it open for uh for us later to see what, because we have to reevaluate anyway. Well I i yeah. No? Okay, for now it's a six or a seven uh, sev six maybe, because Yeah, but I don't I don't know if it's very inno yeah. Yeah, v Yeah, more through uh like function T_V_ functionalities and no no, you know what I mean. You have must be innovative technology for remote controls, but more in how you control stuff, not in how you find your yeah. Yeah, it's that's that's think about it la later on and uh Yeah, as a a one or a two ma uh at least. Yeah, it's good. No, I would have seen that one before. Oh, you skipped one uh Uh, here. Remote control will be bought by Yeah. Definitely. Well Uh, just in general. Yeah, a two. Yeah, but I think I think two. Uh, that is not the question. It's just w it will be bought by people under forty. Yeah, you can yeah, you can be very picky about it. Ah yeah, just make it we'll make it a two. Oh no. Yeah. Yeah, you have make an slogan is quite obvious. Oh the oh sorry, no, not not the slogan. Yeah, you can put that on the side if if we would like to. Yeah, and I will I th still think it's gonna be a two or a three. Maybe a three this time. And uh Uh, it's a one or a two. Yeah, make it a two. It's not that bad. Yeah, and that's mostly the inno when we uh score higher on innovative technology, we would score two, which is uh quite a great score. Okay. Uh, this is was uh the evaluation? Because I I still think that the most important part of this meeting still has Yeah. Still opened or uh Yeah. Okay, finance. Because um I received uh a spreadsheet. Yeah, but I uh actually don't need this presentation, I guess. Oh. I'm gonna open the spreadsheet and we're gonna work this out together, because I didn't really fin uh I have a. Didn't really finish it. Well, we uh We'll see. We'll stumble upon some problems. I probably have already opened it here. try it again. First of all, the mm all the docking station and costs and such are not included in this list. But let's let's st start with beginning. We include one battery. I i uh I'll explain its Uh, the the components are listed over here. Uh, price is given. We um yeah, we we uh indicate the amount of components of the specif specific component, how much we need of them. And then uh, we'll uh calcula Don't watch the number yet. I don't know if it's filled in properly. Okay, we need one battery. One battery. I think one battery is enough. We don't need kinetic, solar cells, hand dynamo. A s okay, this this is a p first problem. Uh, I think we should know how many simple chips, regular chips Okay. But Where did we find this information? Was it I think it was uh your job in the first uh meet Uh, f your first presentation to make this clear, but then you had some t time problems. But do you th you do you know what chip we need? Maybe you can uh look it up right now. Okay, but okay. When we don't when we leave the uh retriever and such aside, what then it would be a simple chip. And with the retriever, it would be an advanced chip. Okay. Yeah, but it will it will it will be cause a lot of problems. The sample sensor sample speaker. What is it m is that the speaker we were t I don't know what it is. Okay, we went for the double-curved case made out of plastic and rubber. And with a special colour. I guess that's what we were Yeah, I don't know about the special colour, but I think w uh Yeah, I think we uh we have special colours. Okay, then the push-button, I was just counting them. Uh, I think you have to indicate the amount of push-buttons we want to use, isn't it? Well that's bit of a problem, because I re but I really don't understand that, because I can imagine a remote control with far more push-buttons, and it wouldn't be possible according to this uh sheet. Yeah. Ah. Yeah, it wouldn't Fill in the number of components you plan to use in the and the total cost I don't know. I And I count them like this. One two three uh four five six seven eight nine ten eleven twelve and thirteen. Because Oh, this is oh, this is one, okay. Twelve, okay, then it would be eighteen, because uh, I uh rated them as uh um as uh uh uh separate buttons. Yes. And plus these two, f uh plus the mute button, and it's will be uh eighteen. Yeah, I don't understand. Y I do I don't get the point, because it's would be s relatively so expensive, just these m small buttons. Well, okay, well well let's make it just one. Here, now it's now it's already s shall we just give our own interpretation to, because else we would really have a problem. It would be impossible to make it And and less buttons than this isn't possible. This is the most simple yeah, it is possible, but I've never seen one before. Yeah, without the numbers. That's possible. Yeah, we could skip the numbers. Then uh, teletext would also be im impossible. Okay, we'll we'll just okay. But then still, when we there's no room for a docking station or something. Tha w Le let's see th we have uh oh yeah, button supplements. We'll give the buttons special colour. We'll give them a special form. Uh, I think we should mark the special form thing, because it this will be some special forms incorporated in these big buttons, I guess. Because the buttons will be uh d will be matching colour between the buttons and the rubber surroundings. I think that's the what they mean by a special colour. I think all the special colour things have to be marked over here, because that's what we were planning to do, making it Yeah, special material r also, because i has rubber. And the buttons have to be rubber. 'Kay, but the problem now is that the There's no such thing as a docking station in this list, but we can all imagine that it would be impossible to make a docking station for thirty cents. Separately. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but I do like the idea, but we yeah. It uh but it then the docking station isn't relevant for this project anymore, but we can but then you still have to use we have to find out what chip we u need. I think we can agree on this. I I think the special colour thing has to be uh marked. 'Cause I think we uh Yeah, I think that's what what what they uh mean But can we find out uh about uh this chips? Because when we don't need a d a docking station, then probably we also have only we also need a simple chip. And maybe then we can do something extra. Oh, n uh oh, still oh, it's gonna get more expensive with. Two. Then we have some money left. We can put then We can put a scroll-wheel on it or something. Yeah, well who knows. Or a little bit of tin titanium. Yeah, or we can ki do the kinetic cells. That's also maybe an idea. Yeah that's what then what he has to find out. Maybe you can uh find it in your email right now, then we know then we exactly know what it will cost us. Maybe is that that's nice to know. Yeah, bu bu but when we yeah, but when we skip when we um when we don't use the do we're not gonna make the docking station, then we still yeah, we need something else maybe to make it kind of special, because that was our our special feature. Yeah, okay, you can also do that, but maybe It still is a special remote control cons uh you know, wi its form is special and material. Yeah, but for two Euros, then we have still maybe we have to use the advanced chip, then two Euros isn't even possible. Yeah, then because then we'd thirty cents left. Yeah, but yeah, I don't know, because maybe d uh yeah, we have to find out with the simple chip. Yeah, and w and and we uh need f and what is this? Sample sensor sample speaker. You can look at it for s presentation. S technical functions? Oh. Oh, oh oh. Hey. Oh. Mm. I don't think here it's in here already. It's nothing about s yeah. No. But i in the presentation of yours, there was also something about different components. Which one was it? Functional requirements? Ah. Ah yes, it was the second one. Yeah, it was your second your first presentation. Sorry? Uh, this is n this is not this n that's not the right one. I don't oh. No, this is the other one. Or maybe something is uh maybe there's something abo in in these Here. You know that a push-button requires a simple chip, but a scroll-wheel, it it me requires Okay, so we only need a simple chip. No no, that's just a simple chip. A scroll-wheel it s uh only states that a scroll-wheel requires a regular chip, and that a display requires an advanced chip. So, we don't need any of them. And what's the sample sensor slash sample speaker? Okay. Back to the costs. So we're gonna use the simple chip. Nah, there is some money left to be spent. Okay, but what we have to think about now is that is is it still a special remote control? But I mean it isn't it hasn't got any innovative technology, we aren't gonna apply any uh innovated innovative te technology anyway, I think. I don't I don't see any possibility to do so, because it would wouldn't fit our defi design philosophy. But what w is there some extra maybe I think maybe the kinetic thing is something. Instead of the rechargeable the rechargeable thing was something to um know, so y so people wouldn't have to worry about their batteries anymore. Maybe we if we put the kinetic thing in it Yeah, you leave the p yeah, I know, but still I they will think about that. I mean if you u The uh it's made for s people well, the they don't if it was uh uh r useless technology, they wouldn't put it uh as a possibility. And i it it th th the the target the target uh group are people who zap regularly and throw with their remote control as a matter of speaking. Because I think it when when there w was a remote control where it was useful to have a kinetic uh uh power source, then it would be this one. Because it's one it gets thrown around thrown around a lot and it gets used a lot Hey that maybe that's cool that's a cool thing about it, you know. You don't use batteries. I've never seen it before in a remote control. No, we we we can't make a docking station anyway. Yeah, we can als or uh also m we we can make one we can still make Yeah, but be serious, then uh the docking station will be a fifth of the price of the remote control. Yeah, but we uh we don't inc we haven't looked at the these costs of the speaker and other stuff. I don't think it's realistic for you to do so. Oh, because we We well look at all the special stuff we have. Colour a the colours are special, the form is special. It th this is whole concept. Uh maybe it with the kinetic thing, I think we could do uh do a compromise uh with the kim kinetic thing. Uh, no. Yeah, I don my suggestion is to just forget about the whole docking station thing and make it uh like a Uh uh I I I I still fee I also feel this concept of making it kinetic, because of the you know, it g it gives something dynamic to the remote control. No, that wouldn't n no. Yeah, and it is also not a good it's not you have to really do it only kinetic, you don't want it to think about batteries anymore. No no. Yeah, it's great. No no no. No no, this is very sophisticated technology technology. When you use it your remote like once a day, or maybe even less i i it It We can make it yeah no. Becau be but a remote control gets why do they state that this technology can be used if it Yeah, m but a w uh uh n uh a calculator also works on r on solar cells. Because I think the d whole dynamic part, do you know, appeals to me qui uh thinking of our design philosophy, you know, with the rubber parts and uh sturdiness of the thing, and y when you move it around a lot, then people find the idea funny that when I move my remote control around and Yeah, but you don't have to. Trust me. The idea of this technology is that you don't think about it, it just happens. Okay, then we d Okay, well y we don't have to do it, but what that would just have a lack of key features, you know. You m have to put something on your box. You have to make people buy it and uh We can really can do the docking thing, uh it's not yeah, uh we can do it, but it's would be a easy way out. Okay, but we have to grou to agree upon something, because uh we only have a minute left or so. No no, it's not possible. Okay, w b we can s we can leave it on be well then then th it's this is then then our concept is ready. Yeah, we make some extra profit of it. Huh, any ideas? No no uh there's still there's still someth concept and something special left. I mean we're gonna it's gonna excel in in on in the the range in the field of design and and uh looks and feel. That's what it's makes it special. Yeah, and I would li I would have liked a kinetic part as well, to give it some just to give it some extra special feature, and uh I know it will work, but uh it's it's an They're they're not putting technologies on this, but if it if it was impossible to to make it happen. Okay, well we leave it like this. Then it's c then we're yeah. Okay, project e uh well, we were gonna what look take a look at the last sheet. Yeah, we have to Yeah, it's Uh, I don't know.
. Alright, I Yeah. Alright, and uh you gotta point out which is the volume um uh button and which is the programme button. Yeah, but you you gotta make it clear on the on Yeah, and a and a triangle on that. Yes. Next to that I kinda miss a zero actually. All n no, that's um kinda dependent on the television. I think Yeah, I think you should add A cross, or whatever. Yeah, line. No, that's dependent on the television. I do know so. Yeah. Yes, but uh uh no uh remote control nowadays are um they come with the television. Or actually, the other way around. But Yeah. Yeah, well but su If No no no. So some television respond differently. Look, if uh i i Yes. Yes, that's true. No No, it it it works uh if you haven't got uh a special button for it, uh if you push a one, then on your television there will appear a one and a a line, which is an empty space. Yep. True. No, s some some televisions need the input first uh and and you c No, that's not true. It's simply not true. It's simply not true. Uh No, remote control doesn't give signal after five seconds. Remote control is a stupid thing. If you push a button, it sends it immediately to to the television. No, definitely not. Definitely not. Yes. Uh, you can access that uh via zero, and then minus, I guess. Yeah. Yep. Okay. I kinda miss the docking station. No nothing really trendy about it. The button. Yep. I think that's very difficult, because of different shapes of uh uh devices. Yeah, of course. Mm-hmm. Well it it got it it has got to fit into the shape, of course. The technology and the voltage can be the same. That's uh that's true. But uh i if you all make the m having a bottom like this, then they all fit. Yeah, that's true, but uh Yes, but uh I I g Shouldn't it fall then? It isn't going to fall down? That's a bit uh yeah, I think No, but if if like this, I'll I'll point it out, if you got uh a a a base a base like this, I won't draw it really. If you got a base which is uh as big as this Yeah sure, but if you got if you got a tiny player, it can Yeah. Uh, wha what you could do if you uh from the bottom oh, right, help. Uh, you could make like a hole in it, you know, of uh in in the Yeah. That i that is possible, yep. Yeah, sure, you're right. Oh. I don't like the colours. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. The light. Okay. And other lights? No, o on the on the front. Yeah, okay. Maybe the uh the logo. Yeah, why not? Of course. Okay. Uh, in the same colour as the side. Yeah, I think I think that'll be good. Yes. Yep. Yeah. We will. Well, uh yeah, I I'm gonna do something right there, yeah. We gotta do that on the right the most right-most screen, because the leftmost Yep, that's me. Alright. I will be needing that image, so leave it please. Um Go away. Right, we're gonna evaluate that design according to a few points. Um, we g the four of us are going to do that um together. I wanna have a colour over here, come on. Right, the remote is not ugly, a bit weird sentence, but the positive things has to be on the left, so I said not ugly instead of ugly. Uh, what would you say, we we gotta give points to uh to all of these to evaluate uh that design, and please forget the drawing skills of these guys. The remote control is not ugly. How do you feel? Yes. Background colour. How do you guys feel? The different designs. Yes. Okay. No, not not fronts, but different designs. And that's still uh uh, yeah, is is uh is a little personal touch, I guess. What? Yeah, wha wha what would you uh guys uh think? Personally. Personally. Yes, but what is it? Guido? Two or three. I was I was thinking about three, so I guess three is uh a bit uh oh, what am I doing? I'll mark it. The remote control's uh uh that n makes uh zapping easy. Yeah? Antek, you agree? Yeah. You're not Antek. I totally agree. The remote control the remote control's relevant buttons are prominently visible. Yeah, I yeah. I would say a one because uh every button is uh uh relevant. And our oh yeah, it's a b yeah. Yeah? Alright. That's a one? You agree? The remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons. I think we totally succeeded there. Oh Yeah, that's true. That's true. the the yeah, m well, you d you've got a point. Two or three? Two? Antek. Nay that that that's true, that's true. They're definitely needed. So we put it on a two? The remote control has got a really trendy look. Maarten. Yeah. Ever, yeah. Guido. Yeah, uh I agree. I agree. I was planning to give it a two, uh where I give the not ugly uh oh, yeah, that's true. You agree on the two? Great. Remote control hasn't got too much redundant or unneeded buttons. Uh, I copied that one. Well, uh forget that. Um Go away. Remote control has got innovative technology implanted. Yeah, and the light. Well, I g It's not seven? Why uh why not a seven? How? Yeah, you think the lights are innovative? Well, it's n true. Uh, I agree, m but I'll Yeah, you you didn't draw the docking station. Yeah, it it's I think I think with its I think more m Uh that that's n No uh, well, the agenda says evaluate now, so I think we It's it's a six. That m f Yeah, for the retrieval function. Yeah. I think that's very innovative for a remote control. Yeah sure, but But I d I definitely don't think it's a five, but Remote control is easy to use. I think a two. Yeah? Come on. The remote control hasn't got uh. I've just filled uh Go away. I found twelve questions so much, but it still is ten. It will be bought by people under the age of forty. No no no. No, just if they if they buy it. Yeah, what do you think? Antek? No, that's no comparison. And I don't mean two people. W w Right, the rem The remote control has recognisable corporate image, colour, logo or slogan. Oh, the slogan. Can we see the slogan? Are we gonna do that? Three? I agree. Because of the slogan Remote control's got a basic design intended uh for novice users. Two? Two. Alright. We gotta add up the scores now to see our total average. Four, five, seven, nine. Forget that. Fifteen, seventeen, twenty one, twenty four, twenty six. Twenty six. It's a two point six. Alright, we yeah. Yeah. True. This was my evaluation. So We did a pretty nice job until now. Um, is this your Whatever. Well, I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire. Yeah. A five. A five. Doesn't matter. We probably will. The amount, yeah. I don't know I haven't got an idea on on which we need to use, really. Yeah. Yeah. And how do you know? I mean, you got that email. Did it point out what to use them for? Alright, well, point out the advanced chip for now, I guess. I don't know. I don't know if it's very special. Alright, that's okay. No. I don't think so, because it says amount. The the the yellow row is the amount of To n that's total of four buttons. I think that Eighteen. One two three four five, si Fifty cents for one single stupid button. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I can't I I I couldn't understand it if it was fifty cents per uh uh per button. Really. Yeah, yeah, No, really. Yeah, but I d I wouldn't want to own that. Really. Yeah. I don't think the special form is really true. Is it? Yeah, I dunno. Plastic. No. Yeah, I really don't get it. I mean if it's a simple chip, then we suddenly got two Euros and thirty cents. Yeah, yep. I think so, too. Oh, I don't know. Uh why? I mean i i if you if it would cost two Euros, that had a total a total thing, it would be nice too, I mean uh we're not gonna add uh a trip to Hawaii to it. I like the hand dynamo part. We can make a plain docking station for two Euros. I mean Wi wi without recharge Yeah, but but we can make a docking station for two Euros uh if you don't put the recharge function in it. I mean, it has a shape. Of course it has a shape, but i i Why should that not be possible? No, for for the uh for the docking station if you do if you choose the simple chip. Yes. Dead. Reanimate it. What the hell are these? Oh, whatever. This isn't helpful. No, that was my presentation. It's already open. It's at the bottom. It's uh at your task bar. Oh. Sorry. Okay, sorry. Yeah, nice. I it doesn't say anything. That's not needed. A display uh is, of course, uh for showing letters. For showing text. I don't think that uh just a l a little light Yeah, I agree. Yeah, I guess so too. Next channel. No. Well, we might want it, but Yeah. Great. Delete. Yeah. Well, there're three, I guess. I think we can make a docking station. Yeah. No, that's true. M bu Or the hand dynamo dynamo Yeah. Yeah, but but if we ca I don't know if Five minutes. That's not true. We can make a docking station for two thirty. Two thirty. We can make a docking station. Sure. Sure. The power device is is i i is very cheap. That's just a regular uh power cable and whatever. So. Yeah. Well then it's a useless project. Can't we uh Can't we say fifteen Euros? No, sta yeah I mean No. You can sell for twenty seven and a half. Then you make as much profit as you would with twelve and a half production costs. I don't think No. Thirteen twenty. And I think only Yeah, but only kinetic, then you gotta You you gotta throw uh throw it through the room like twenty times an hour, really. No. Yeah, it's funny for a week. I guess something like that, where you have to move it around very frequently, is demotivating. No, I I don't move my uh my remote control very much, seriously. Well, we've got more than fifty Cents. Yeah. No, we won't, but that's um something else. No, this not gonna sell. No. Of course not. We come back tomorrow, okay? We can't do anything else. Warning, finish meeting now. Yeah, sure. No, we can't. Yes, yes. Celebration. I don't see why, but I think we gotta fill out another questionnaire, to be honest. No, not yet. Alright, I'll see you guys in a minute. I don't think so. I don't know. I don't I don't think so.
Yes. 'Kay, we've made a prototype. Um, we've got uh uh our aspects from the last meeting. Uh, especially we looked at the form, material and the colour. Um, we've uh drawn here the p prototype. The logo is uh is uh is pretty uh obvious to see on the on the remote control, but it is necessary when you want to build your uh company f to a level higher. Um, our interface elements, there are shown in the in the drawing. Maybe you can uh point them uh The functions. But uh that It's uh here then, in the middle. Yes, um we've disc Most of the users Yes, y there there will be a p a little a little P_ on that and a little uh yeah. Yes. It's a television. Yes. Yes, yes, you have you have a lot of standard buttons that has to be uh on it, uh th with the one and a double uh uh yes. Yes, you have televisions, then you have to, you know, you have to uh press Yes, but but a lot uh Yes, but some televisions don't accept uh that that No, no, but s Yes, but some some old televisions uh you have to uh click on uh a special button, uh then you go to a a next level, you can push two buttons. You want Yes, but some television don't support it. No, a remote can Yes, so they need no, they need No, but uh Yeah, it And the button for the SCART uh audio video uh external input. No, no. Uh, remote control sends one signal at one button uh press. Uh, some N some televisions when when you want to go further than uh ten No, you have to you have to uh give the television uh two or more signals. When you uh press one button, you give one signal. And the older televisions need more signals to go a level higher. But When you make the technology that that it will uh give more signals, it could work, but Just a basic idea of of of the most uh most y most common uh and simple uh operations on the remote. Yes. It's here on the We came uh Yes. But maybe we can maybe we can make the docking station uh uh a bit standard for for uh the other products we sell, because Real Real Reaction sells more products than only remote controls. So maybe we can uh use the docking station, for example, uh M_P_ three players or or uh uh hearing devices. Yes, but when you put that same volt voltages on it, you can put uh when the when the when uh o the the the lowest part of it, when it's o the same as the other products, you can put it all on the same uh Yes, but we can make No, we can make uh make the most lowest part all the same. When when the the recharger has a has a bit what points out, we can place all on top of it. Just have to be big enough for the biggest No, when you make it large enough no it it will not. But then it's a little bit But it's just an idea. But it's flat it's flat as as this, so we can p make all the products as flat as this. Yes, but when you make uh uh a bit of big Yes, little holer littler Uh, little products go deeper in it. Yes. And uh uh the f the look and feel would be great on this uh remote control, because uh you always uh will uh pick up the remote control in the in the smallest uh area. Then your uh left thumb of uh your right thumb is uh near the programme uh button, which is the most common used uh function, and all the other buttons are available for your uh thumb. So it's it's it's really good design. Yes, uh on the side uh there will be a strip of rubber, and in the middle uh there is uh a hard uh a hard material, a bit hard plastic with a light uh behind it. Yes, we can make also n neon lights on it, or or the buttons that can make uh light on it. Yes. But, it will also uh uh use batteries, and do we want to The all the aspects of the interface buttons were uh Yes. Yes. Yes, maybe we can use on the on the lights on the side we can use uh uh multiple uh lights, so it will uh Yes. No. Yeah. I think I think the the fronts will give it a more uh uh uh less uglier uh side, because you can uh make it in your own yes, you can make it in your own uh more to your own personality or or house style. Yes. Or forty. I think two or three. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's all about the buttons. Also, the the the buttons of the one, the two, the the digits, o they're used uh uh Can yes, three, two. But you can't make a remote control without them, because Yes. Yes. A one. We we've tried to make it uh the the best trendy look uh ever. Yes. Yes. No. No, not L_C_D_, so. But that that's not innovative. Lights lights are Six. Because we've tried to make it a little bit innovative, but it but it With the lights it it's it's kind of future But still you can retrieve it when it's when it's gone, with the with Yes. The docking station is a is a little bit innovative. It's a part of the remote. And with the speaker on the there's also a speaker. Okay. But the retrieval or the Yes, how would you innovate a remote control more? To put it on your head. Yes. Yes. You like the buttons. Yes. In in and comparing with uh people of th of the age above? We don't know. But Yes, two, but only in c when you compare it with with elderly. This is just guessing. Make it a two. When it succeeds, uh it can get a two, mu A logo. Yes, uh encrypted uh with Yes. Yes. Is there something after this uh meeting? Or Okay. Yes. Uh it's it's one one chip, but but you have to choose one from it. The simple chip is e enough I I think, but with the lights with the lights and the retrieval, it can be uh No, uh I Yes, my my my uh The the email I got said uh simple chip, but when we put in the speaker and the retriever uh device, it will uh cost a a bit more, like I think the advanced chip maybe. Bec No, the they didn't know about a retriever or a speaker uh in it. Then it's a simple chip. Yes, I I I s I That will be enough for future uh recommendations. I don't know it uh either. Yes. Otherwise, you get uh a standard uh plastic colour. Standard rubber. St Yes. No, it's only uh when you use push-buttons, it will cost that much. If you use a scroll-wheel Maybe it's the kind of push-buttons. You can have f four kind of push-buttons. Rubber. You can have uh Different, yes. Why is that so uh expensive. So, whe when you so then it It's eighty percent of the price of the of the amount of When you have the same amount of button, you have to put in wi in your carton. Board. And then throw it But whe I've seen one uh one remote control with only the pu yeah, only with uh page up, page down and volume, but but Uh, it's it's still for little children. They can handle that remote control, but but it isn't fo Yes, it's for it's li uh it's just for a little Otherwise, it Otherwise it would be the Special form also, it says. What is the normal material? Sh yeah. Classic? Oh, plastic. But we can uh sell the remote control and uh sell the docking station yes. And and but we don't have to tell it, but what we can say of can um almost make it impossible to buy a remote control without the docking station. No, but you otherwise you can't retrieve it. But for two Euros and thirty cents, we uh we don't get a docking station. For For two Euros. It isn't in my information, so I don't know it uh either. It isn't in my information, I uh I I've got a schematic view of the remote control, but nothing about uh advanced chips or Uh I've got here in uh I will put a I will put a page on it. When my mouse works again. My mouse is uh Yes. Oh. Ah, I've got it. I will put uh my email on the the network. It's on it. Yes. Um Yes, that was mine. But that was my second Mm But this is the same uh This is o only the possibilities. Yeah. We can use a simple, a regular, or advanced chip. Ah, okay. With the light. L_C_D_. Maybe you can say against the remote uh page uh f uh page up, page down. All in twelve Euros. Twelve Euros and fifty cents. And the lights. Where uh are the lights? But but sometimes you put a Kinetics aren't uh nowadays only used in watches and that's because you're always walking. Uh solar cells are useless. Fo for a docking station. With a cable, with uh buttons on it, with retrieval uh device in it. Wi with a button to wi with a button to retrieve it, so it will beep. Uh, so it's uh wireless technology. Look at the case, the case the case of of uh of uh No, then we have to sell it for thirty Euros. It's the Maybe we can uh can do it both. Maybe we can do it both uh in the in the in the remote. Battery and kinetic. Yes, but when it's then when it then you have to shake it uh and all when it's when it's empty. You asked for three d No, that's n that's not true. Uh, a watch is uh kinetic because you walk all the time. Yes, solar cells are also stated. Why don't we use solar cells then? That's true. Oui. You can do it for fifty cents. The c The case the case alone is is is uh the case alone for uh remote control is at least one Euro. Then we have one Euro thirty for the whole docking station. But now Great. It's great. Our remote control. Yes. Seventy Euros. Why not a hand dynamo then? We're done. Is this it? Okay. Yes. Where's the champagne? I don't uh hear a bell. Bye. Uh-huh. Just fill that one in.
. coffee. Uh, well the uh all the functions are discussed uh I think the most of the functions are uh uh obvious. Uh, it's a little bit. Uh, power button. Uh then the the the nine uh channels. Uh the volume uh uh at the side, and the other side is the programmes. And then we had uh just uh two buttons, we place them in the middle, uh the menu, and for the teletext I thought that was th Oh, the mute button. Yeah. Well, yeah mo uh mo Yeah, well most of them are right-handed. Yeah well, I don't have time in uh anymore on the Oh yeah, just progr programme above, I think. Yeah, true, yeah. Uh Uh I think so. Zero? May maybe here? Yeah. And then a second. Is it depending on television? Yeah. True. But the ex Yeah. You uh you can wai when you push the one you can show on the telly a one and just a dash, and then wait uh two uh seconds or something We'll discuss them in the usability lab. Uh eva evaluation. I don't know uh I don't know if if it's it's necessary. Yeah? Okay. Ach. Yeah. Yeah. Well it yeah, uh there's nothing I think it's pretty basic, the the there's no fu there's one there's one button, that's wha there's there's there's one function and that's n the one button when you want to find it. You can. But i i i it's backwards. But it's it's backwards. It's leaning. It's leaning backwards, I think, in the in the docking station. That's text. lights? Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, not fronts. Different designs. Different colours maybe, yeah. We can make it a one. Mm yeah. I agree. Um, I uh I go for the positive. So I go for two. Okay, three. Yeah. Two. One. One. Okay yeah, I'll I'll agree. I'm the I'm the usability, so Yeah. The Well Yeah, well menu Yeah, maybe. Yeah, true. Yeah, I agree. Mm two. Because we got Well. Yeah. Uh, I will I will make it a three, because uh yeah. I I th Yeah. True, yeah. Yeah. No. We're not well, maybe the the the on the side. And the light maybe. But Well, six. No, six. Six. Yeah. Innovative in generally or just f original for A docking station is innova Okay. Six. Yeah, a two. More two. Yes. Yeah, I think two, yeah. I agree. Two. We don't have the slogan though. The logo. Underneath it or something. A three. Three. Yeah, a three. Yeah, two. Two. No. Okay, yeah. Shoot. No. Well, special colour.. I don't Mm okay. Whoa, it's a little That's huge. No. We have the simplest buttons. Uh, one til nine. Is that one or is that nine buttons? Yeah. Is it cents, the the the fifty cents a button? No way. It's way No, no no. Yeah, uh That's still four. Yeah, that's no option, that's no option. A special colour, why a special colour? But wha what s what special? Okay, yeah. Uh, yeah. Plastic. Plastic, I think. Plastic. Yeah. Se no no no. And then we can get a docking station. But what what can we do But uh what can we do with the simple chip and what's difference with a regular chip and a advanced chip? If if i Regular chip and because we don't have uh special functions to use uh in advanced chip, for example. Yeah. We'll go back uh tomorrow. That's the question. If we do i do we need an advanced chip, or is it okay f No. No no, they were uh mine, yeah. Died. Yeah, it's open. It's circuit board. It's only just basics for for At the end circuit there is an infrared LED. Components design. Components design maybe. N on top. Working design. Yeah, but it's the the other one. Was it working design or components design? Chip set. The display requires an advanced chip. Requires. Little lights. Yeah, but that that's just the same as the the LED. Yeah. No. I think uh the uh normal uh simple chip will be okay. Yeah. Yeah, true. Well, that's not too what we want. So, simple chip is okay. Yeah, lights, yeah, there's no category. Can we do it wi within two two Euro? Mm-hmm. But it's original. But then we could make a docking station. Wow, w why no li Look at now, we got two two thirty left. Ca can't we make a docking station of that? I don't know. Well, we we uh Yeah, then we don't have any innovation things. No, we only make less profit of it. No. Cheap remote control. It w it won't tell, but No, uh, n no Yeah, we just have to go all what we did today again. You have to do it over. Yeah. the No, but no. Yeah, yeah. No. Yeah? We can do it here then. Can we can't we do it here? Yeah, we're doing now. But it's. Oh, okay. Nice.
";The project manager opened the meeting. The user interface designer and industrial designer presented the prototype design. The remote has buttons for power, mute, teletext, volume and channel up/down, and nine numbered channel buttons. The group discussed what buttons would be needed to enter channels 10 and above. They discussed adapting the docking station so it could be used with other products but did not make a decision. The remote is plastic with different coloured rubber strips on the sides and rubber buttons. The marketing expert led the product evaluation. The group were generally satisfied with the design but did not think the remote was technologically innovative. The overall score was 2.6. The group worked out the manufacturing costs. The group had problems figuring out the cost of the docking station and buttons, and did not know which kind of chip to use. They discussed using kinetic energy to make the remote more technologically innovative but decided against it. They eventually decided that they could not afford a docking station. They did not have time to evaluate the project process before the end of the meeting. 
"Mm-hmm. Maybe you should try to write on the on the big white uh Does it? Yeah. It works. Wonderful. Mm-hmm.. Alright, yep. I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your uh I hope this was part of the assignment and not uh your personal uh enjoyment. I I I I understand. Alright. so start Yep yes. Don't uh count on it. I think it's a mouse or a rat. Oh. Oh I know it. It's a hedgehog. Well I'm amazed uh about your uh drawing skills. Yeah. I am the Industrial Designer. Chief, I am the Industrial Designer. Yeah. I think It's pr it resembles the animal drawn by. I think can I say it? It looks amazing. These are very impor These are very important documents, of course, uh these drawings, uh And he deliberately draws a animal we don't know the English word for. It looks like an uh It looks like that beast from Sesame Street. Yeah. It's it's uh Do we have to uh But we have uh do we have to name the specific species of the bird? No? Well wonderful. Why do I have to do the difficult tasks? Uh pen yeah that's. Uh current colour. I like uh oh they don't have pink. Oh b oh think this is uh Uh? Uh Line width. Uh fifteen. And I can draw? Uh Oh the line width is too thick, but oh well. Uh. It smiles nicely. Now I have to change the line width. Uh one. These are whiskers, you know. Uh well I think it's obvious right now. Miaow. Well if this isn't obvious I'll save it alright uh save. Uh yeah uh blank. Well I feel comfortable now. Thanks for this exercise. I feel totally at ease. Yeah something like that. So Alright. Well I I didn't have to prepare anything about uh it's not, it's it's not my task to uh talk about uh experience with current remote controls, but uh Mm-hmm. No but uh the b the buttons have to uh have to have uh international recognisable buttons and uh and numbers and uh that every culture in uh, yeah, people in every country can recognise. Alright. Yeah so it doesn't uh become too complicated with too much buttons and uh And stereo uh s uh audio installations. Most people do, yeah. It doesn't it doesn't have to be Yeah. Well. Hmm. It has to be different and familiar at the same time. yeah the shape will will have to be recognised. I thought about uh like most uh remote controls uh are uh a long box shaped thing you can make it uh triangle shaped, but that's not uh very recognisable. Oval? I Mm. Oh but it ha it has to be m yeah. But you still have to know it's a remote and not another Yeah. Yeah so the long box uh shaped thing must be uh, yeah, useful or else uh they would have been ano another shape. Yeah. Yeah a lo the long box shape yeah. You have to use one hand. Why not? But it does fit in the hand if you hold it like this, and you can make it another shape, but then you have W no w what else? I di Yeah well but uh what what what do you suggest then? Hmm. Well but it's still then uh the the long box, uh but then with some uh round uh round forms in it to fit your hand, but it's it's still Yeah yeah al alright but but it's still it's still sort of box, yeah. It it has round forms but it in the end it's still the box, so that's what I mean. Yeah yeah I understand, but no no I don't mean an entire box like completely square but a also with round edges of course, but in in in at the end it's still this long box shape with convenient uh round uh shapes uh to fit. Yeah yes I thought about something like that. Yeah. A big recognisable button on top or something. The buttons should uh also be not too small, not too big, of course, and uh n uh uh not too close uh together. Uh-huh. Yeah of course uh to uh to uh to have icons to explain the different functions. Yeah. Colours, yeah. I think we have to talk also about uh the the materials for um. Already thought about something tha Mm-hmm. Yeah now we can still talk about the material, we have some some minutes left uh I w wrote down uh that the case should be plastic of course, hard plastic, the buttons should be uh rubbery I think uh. No n n Mm. Alright. And of course there are several electrical cables in it to uh to connect things uh to each other. I think so. It's a a common stan standard way infrared beams an infrared beam I think. It it's a we we make an a universal remote so it ha has to work with uh all kinds of brands and things. And have well yeah I've wrote something down about how it works. The user presses a button and with an infrared beam it signals the television set accordingly, but that's pretty obvious, I think. Well but th but the standard front will be uh just grey or something uh b a simple colour not not very flashy. Pink television sets pink remote,. Alright. I must not forget my pen the next time. Mm yeah also the the look and feel uh of the the remote's also my task, yeah. Yeah I uh w was wondering that too. Y you went to the company website. It's the the the start uh starting page uh Very handy to know. Right see you in half an hour then. W Right uh see you in thirty minutes then.
I dunno. Throwing away my toothpick. 'Kay. Nice user interface. 'Kay. Right let's see it. 'Kay. Mm-hmm. Alright, your favourite animal? Grizzly bear. Yeah. We're kinda losing time, though. We're losing time, but Alright. Do we have to guess? A hippo? Yeah. I don't know how to call it. A hedgehog?. Alright. Thank you. It's. Yeah sure. It's a rabbit. Well Looks very nice, right? Yes. Yes uh right. You go man. Alright. I should have made mine a white rabbit.. You're standing in front of it, I can't see it. Alright, thank you. Yeah it's a bird, but what kind of bird? You have to push harder. Release your anger. Hmm. It's a cat. It's a pig. Right. No it looks great. Just save it. Oh great. It's good for group spirit. Right. Right. I think it's im it's important to uh look at uh the remote controls of our competitors. Get the good points uh try to merge them into one universal remote control. On our corporate site I saw uh a new D_V_D_ player uh we're gonna produce. Maybe it's important to make it compatible with the D_V_D_ player so you can uh use your television and your D_V_D_ player with the same uh remote control. Furthermore it's important to make it uh acceptable for the whole world, for different cultures, maybe, because we want to we want to well fifty million? Yeah yeah so a lot of people have to be able to use it. So Yeah. Yeah that's right. Mm-hmm. Right. Maybe we could make one button to switch between D_V_D_ player and T_V_ and make the other buttons uh multi-functional or something. Yeah right. Yeah so but th that's kind kind of standard T_ television so it also works on that. Yeah but We need to to keep it consistent with other d uh Yeah but it's it has to be useable. Yeah. No.. Not with two hands. Yeah yeah yeah, right. No Yeah but it's quite important that it fits. Yeah. Yeah. It shouldn't be boxy. Nah I don't agree with the long box uh shape it it has to be custom made for the hand. Yeah. Yeah but if you shape it If No that's ol old fashioned. I can imagine that us Well Yeah right. It fits in your palms. Hmm? Um.. Well Yeah but it has it has to fit your hand. It shouldn't be too boxy, you know. It's No no no. Yeah. Yeah it should be Right maybe something like this or and then a button here to switch between different systems like D_V_D_ player and so you can I've Yeah right, and I do think we have to keep this kind of idea with the with the numbers and Right. But it should be possible to to um make it ap apparent that there are two functions for every button. So there has to be some space between the buttons. Yeah. Yeah right right, and maybe we should use colours. Yeah. That's kinda trendy. Yeah right. Right. But I think it's uh it's important to uh notate all the the decisions that we make, so we Yeah. No problem. Yeah. Yeah it shouldn't be too heavy. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah it's univ yeah yeah yeah. Yep. And you can use Yeah. But are Are we going w uh with the front uh fronts uh idea? I think we should make it universal and you can always use a front front on it, you know? You can use it just plain but you can To make it more trendy. Right. Right. Yeah. Yeah right. Yeah yeah yeah. But people of often don't like bright colours or something. We have to make it grey or s or black. Yeah but then you can use a a front. Yeah that's right. Yeah or a t Teletubby front. Yeah yeah yeah. I will investigate. Right. It's Yeah yeah yeah just if you start up your Internet Explorer Yeah. Well that's great. Thirty minutes. It's totally broken. Oh.
Hi there. We want to erase it. Thanks. Big bird. Mm. Uh no I don't. It's just a bird. Here you go. Mm. Width. Hmm. It's a pussy cat. It certainly is. Easy to learn. Yeah. Yeah. I also think we should not add too many buttons. Modern day uh remotes have too much buttons I think. Precisely. Yeah. Yeah indeed. Yeah we should make it compatible perhaps with everything we use, we uh we make? Yeah. And I think the people who who will buy our uh remote already have some experience with remotes. So we can keep that in mind. W well it's a n it's a new remote and you don't buy a remote if you don't have anything to uh to control with it. Yeah alright, but Yeah. Yeah we could use another form or shape or colour, that kind of things. Well we we could make more more oval or something, and and Yeah or so Well yeah it's new. but young people want something different and it is Yeah. Yeah alright. Yeah. Yeah it doesn't fit. No if y if you look at new Phillips uh D_V_D_ with their uh remotes pl players they they are the new remotes aren't box shaped. They're all um Well Yeah. Yes uh Well most of of them are are somewhat thicker at the end, and get um yeah thinner towards the uh the other end. Mm. Yeah it Yeah yea Hmm.. Yeah. Yeah maybe we can um just like on cell phones those um well you can you can put on on them, and so you can customise your uh your own remote with different colours or or special paint jobs I dunno but Well. Mm... Yeah that's bad, yeah. Yeah that's important. Yeah. But our T_V_s are mostly made in China and that sort of country, so. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Mm. Well you can make profit with them, and it's a way to make them trendy. Yeah alright. Yeah normal. No a colour everyone accepts. Mm. Mm. Yeah. standard. Well young people s li Yeah yeah, yeah. Yeah. What's the uh url or the website 'cause I didn't get Yeah. Oh oh right oh well I didn't uh use it. Yes. Next meeting is in Thirty minutes. Yeah alright it's it's handy to know Oh. Goodbye. S.
Yo. Ow. Uh Yeah. What the Uh Yeah well, ja well let's just start. I've uh made a presentation uh but uh I'll open it on the Smartboard, so we can all see it. So it's in the project documents because that's what we can find here. Well. Very nice. Well this is called the the the kick-off meeting. So uh I'm the Project Manager, so I had to fill it in, and uh hmm. Oh sorry. And an uh a nice agenda. Uh we'll do the opening and then uh we'll meet each other, what uh we already do, so, that's not uh very much trouble. I'll I'll show you the the tools we have here, so that we can all use them. Then uh we'll look at the project plan from uh Real Reaction. We'll discuss about our first ideas about the project, and then uh we'll close the meeting, and then we can uh individually uh do our things and then uh we'll get back here. So this the opening we'll uh We have to uh design a new television remote control. You have heard that uh already I think, so. Um we want it to be original, so a nice uh a nice new design. Uh trendy, it's also for young people, and we have to just uh make it uh modern. And uh friendly, so size does matter. And uh Well it has to be a have the the right uh the right buttons on the right place, that kin those kind of things. Other uh There happen to be uh three stages. functional, conceptual, and d detailed design. Um so every time we we'll do some individual work, get meeting, talk about it, uh and then go into the next phase. That's just it. Um We have uh these two Smartboards. Um well as I just showed, there's a project management folder, a project document folder on the desktop. It just works exactly the same as a computer. You just uh click on the on the folder and you open the everything you you put in it with your laptop. So you can uh make uh Words Excel, everything. Um and the w the r uh the rest uh also works the same so uh when you open a notepad you uh you just get your uh things, you can uh draw. This is a uh well a drawing board. you have a these different uh functions on the board. You can see them there. So you have a a nice pen, and it's works just like a bal ball pen. This is just a. I want to uh Oh yeah. Of course w doesn't work any more. Yes I will eraser so. It's fantas fantastic. We can uh uh well you can save a file. So if uh we draw we have to save everything. Don't throw anything away. Uh just we can start a new one, and we just go on, and don't throw anything away. Just uh let them all uh stand here. We can delete, but we don't do that. Um you can here select a pen, you can draw anything you want. It's a bit uh childish you have to write. It's not as fast as you w you know it, but it does work sometimes. Well it's just like a normal uh paint. So it's gone. Well we are designers, so we have to have a a more uh a Smartboard. So that's fantastic. Um well this uh speaks for itself. We going to try it. So um we all uh are going to uh draw a nice animal on this board, not my idea. Yes our your favourite. So um I'm to going to have to draw a kangaroo, but I'm going d I'm not going to. I'm just uh going to uh well draw a nice uh beast w I dunno what I'm going to design. Oh um doesn't oh. Yeah, 'kay. Hmm? I just said it's not my idea but I am the Project Manager, and officially this is my idea. So what? Ah the first the first meeting is just a bit uh loose, loosen up, a bit uh meeting each other well uh uh nice yeah. Sh I hope our Industrial Designer does this better because uh this is uh No so a a few legs. Yes yes guess. Well I should make it an hippo now. No I don't think so. Well what is it, huh? Yeah difficult English word. I didn't knew it myself. Our characteristics sum it up. Well it's uh very uh painful those kind of thing. So we can uh just uh We're going back and now uh our Industrial Designer can uh draw its uh most favourite animal. Huh. Oh uh but this uh marketing designer. what kind of animal is that then? Uh it. Yeah. No no no. What are you going to do? No no. No no save it and start a new uh save it and start a new black uh doc a blank document. Yeah well we have to save everything so now um the next one uh and then save it and start an blank document. Yeah. There's also different colours and different uh well pen widths uh the line the the thickness thickness. So um well you should uh try it but uh Well y y y you could have but uh. It speaks for itself. What the uh just a duck. Nice. Is it a duck? Is it a plane? It doesn't draw uh circles uh that easy uh. Yeah just a bit a bit childish, a bit. Well uh save the document and then uh And then a a new blank document for. uh will uh choose a new colour and a new pen width so w we can all see it. No well first yeah. And then you go to format I think, and current colour you choose a new colour. And a new pen width uh also format. It's not like in paint. Line width. And you can choose a nice one. Width width. With each other. Yeah. So. Just a wa that's the way we do it's quite easy. Mm-hmm. Oh Pussy. Well then you change it. And erase things. What? Super pig. So Yeah yeah yeah we know. Yes alright. It's a cat. Well well um Yeah save it and start a new blank document. Yep. So that's uh what we're going to use when we uh need it. Well it's terrific, eh? Yeah that's it. We're one big happy family now. Well then uh the serious uh stuff. We're we want to sell it at twenty five Euros internationally um so um but we dunno what exactly th i it is in dollars, but uh twenty five Euros. Our profit aim is, worldwide, fifty million Euros. So I didn't uh exactly uh calculate how much we have to sell. we want to keep it our costs at twelve and a half Euros so, keep uh that in mind when we uh talk about our uh materials an f and stuff, and uh marketing uh research. Now then we all uh we can uh sit down and discuss uh what do we think about our current remote controls, first about design uh about uh aim in the market etcetera? Well uh we c we can sit down uh because uh presentation can wait. We can uh take notes and uh Well who has uh some uh remarks about the current uh remote controls? Please? No uh I did. Well uh just w we're uh four uh if we if we would just have one then Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yep. That's alright. That would be a nice idea, yes. Yep yep yep. Yes fifty million is our aim to a profit, so. Yes. I'll make uh notes and then uh maybe uh well I'll put it in the project uh folder when I'm done uh just now. Well yeah? No that's right. Y y you don't use uh the half of them that's that's culture uh international. Yes. Yep, and maybe we do uh we even have uh more than just a D_V_D_ player. Don't we have uh other uh ou Uh. We also uh just uh released a T_F_T_ uh thing I saw. Yeah. Yep. Well yeah. It doesn't have to be, but we can. Well except if we deliver it together with our D_V_D_. Yeah because we look at competitors and w if we pick up the good things about that and give it a nice design Yes. Yep. Yeah. Oo N we can use uh it as a as a game pad. So one hand has the beer, so the other hand uh Well i we already uh one of our aims is that it has to be original and trendy so Well there has been done a lot of researches about remotes uh we have to we can imagine uh because it's a long time uh on the market. So the the form will have been uh tested out so Yes. Well for me personally I have a a lot of remotes uh at home but those ones that have a a round ending and uh well uh just an uh square uh middle I don't like to use them. I have uh have to it has to fit my hands. When it falls over it and I just have and then the button that I use most has to be here. It f it fits your hands and then you just push the button that you use most with thumb. Tho tho those new D_V_D_ players on the market do have those. D_V_D_ players. Yes. Well A it h it has it it has a that's tha th th shape that it fits your hand. That's We have five minutes left. So Yes uh that's yep. Yep. Ha. Sound nice. Yes. Well it's just uh about our first ideas now so I think individually we'll have to uh come up with ideas for the next meeting about these materials and markets etcetera. Yes? Yes. Well thirty minutes we have. So um This is about uh what we are going to uh do uh. You'll get specific instructions when you're back in your room so uh it's uh logical uh. I think. Oh and uh that's uh that's all. So we'll just get a notice that the the meeting is uh over. Yeah yes say. Well I have had remotes that um they had uh the function of the buttons was about uh uh a layer over the buttons and when I've had use it much it was gone. So it has to be made in the buttons I think. It has to uh not be loose. Yeah. Is there an a universal uh universal way of um transmitting from the remote to the television so it's all about uh It's not that in China it's different? Yeah. But y you can have uh of course different between D_V_D_s and televisions and between Yeah. Probably yes. China rules. Well I think uh w we can look into that in the in the next uh thirty minutes. Yeah. Yes. Well j just y you get a n a normal front with it, but you can change them uh when you buy the And we should uh dispatch those kind of fronts fronts a a around the world so uh Well th those fifty million don't uh don't se sells itself so we have to uh make uh some extra effort like fronts uh. Yes. Yeah well it has to it h it has to fit the the te television and D_V_D_ set we are going to sell, so if they are uh black and black black and silver we'll make them black and silver so. Yeah. Well if if you yeah. If you have a a a television room for little children and you make a if if you buy a a pink front they'll they'll love it. I think. But that's uh marketing uh research you can uh you can ask uh. Yes. Well our user interface you can uh maybe uh I don't know what your specific instructions will be, but uh probably about uh the precision of the buttons and and those kind of things and what buttons will have to be on the uh remote. And you will look into the technical design and um form, I think. Or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. Euro? Well it it it's if you uh Finish meeting now. Oh alright. Well uh we're going to back uh back into our rooms so In thirty minutes, but uh I think it will be you will be warned uh through your laptop uh to get over here. I'll have to restore my uh my desktop uh because uh it's it's the half of the normal size. Oh right, oh. Ma W that was a nice meeting. Yeah, see you.
";After introducing the remote control objective, the project manager demonstrated the SmartBoard technology they would be using. They tested it by drawing animals. The project manager informed the group of the budget, before beginning the discussion of current remotes and initial ideas. They considered taking the best of their competitors designs and making a multifunction remote. It needs to be useable internationally, with few buttons. The considered options for the shape of the remote control, imagining how it would fit in the hand. The group ended the discussion by touching very briefly on some materials issues, and discussed remote covers. 
"Well I'll uh start just with another presentation, so then we can uh look at th at the agenda uh for this meeting. Okay. I've put some uh new things in the in the map. Uh oh. This is it. I don't know the shortcut, so Ah F_ five. Well our functional design meeting, that's the stage we're in. And you also ha all three of you have uh prepared something about it. Well um in we'll uh just have a look at the at the notes from the previous meeting, what we uh thought we had dec decided. But uh Uh then we'll uh look at uh the three uh presentations uh from you. I think you have prepared uh all three uh? Um we'll look at th the new project requirements we uh I dunno. Y you also have uh received that mail, the new project requirements from our bosses? Oh I've received a mail with uh some additional requirements, and I'll have a look if Well I think we should show them before your presentations, because it's not really uh smart uh to uh to include some things uh we can't, because of the new requirements. Well um then we can make some decisions about our remote control functions. We have to deb we have to decide it in this meeting what our function will be. And then uh we can discuss uh some more closely. Uh Uh yeah, I think so. Well uh the closing uh we'll not uh look at it yet. Um now I'll look at show this board. Um Well uh notes, first meeting. Now. I gave a disc a a presentation. Uh we familiarised ourself with the boards and then we discussed some first ideas. So we said that uh we have to merge the strong points from our uh competitors, and uh look at their uh remote controls. We should make it uh compatible with our new D_V_D_ and other releases we have, our technical releases. Uh not too many one buttons. One recognisable button in the middle, where you do the most important functions with. And um well they can have two functions, because uh you have a D_V_D_ and a television. Um the design has to fit the hand, be original, but also be familiar. It's uh one of our ideas. Yeah well that wa It's just thirty minutes ago, so it's not quite uh But well I have to do it. The materials uh well should be hard plastic with rubber from, and uh well the labelling of the buttons should be indestructible. It should be uh recognisable at all times. Yes. Well fronts were to be just like mobile telephones. And uh the technical aspects um And also labelling of the buttons, the functions should be universal standards. Well that's just uh some ideas from the first meeting. It's quite logical al all of it. Um now the new project requirements, I'll just show them. I got this mail from uh our bosses. Well, teletext goes out. We will not use teletext. Maybe a new sort of thing, but n but not teletext. Well the second is a bit sh pity because we just said we wanted to d include the D_V_D_ and they don't want it, because of our time we have for this project. So that's a shame, because uh especially for the third requirement we want to reach people under the thirty years. Because uh we don't have those customers a lot at th at this point. Um well it's a bit pity because it's just those people want to have uh one remote control for all those technical devices they can uh reach it. Yeah. Well and uh our corporate image should stay rec recognisable in our products. So uh we have to uh use uh maybe a slogan, maybe a colour, and um Yeah well uh on our remote controls the design has to be uh, well as we already said a actually, uh familiar. Uh not only just uh the shape but also our company. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. I I uh noted uh our uh slogan that we have, our company. It's uh we mm put the fashion in electronics. So maybe that's a slogan we can put uh somewhere on our remote control or something. Alright then um we're going to uh have three presentations. You want to start? Oh you have to start? I didn't see anything about uh who had to start. Well s then start. Okay. Well uh You already uh opened uh PowerPoint. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Well It should actually uh It should actually be loose from the television, because it can also be used for other televisions. So if you deliver a small uh click-on device that you can put on your television, that bleeps to your remote control, everyone can use it. No you can click it on your television. Yeah in another room, yeah. Well yes. Yeah. Well we'll have a look at it, yeah. Yep. Well there sh should always be a menu, but it c can be very short. Yes okay. Well we are a design team, we can say to some uh writer uh make a manual point. So Well we'll have a look. Um yes? Yep. Well Well with twelve Euro fifty as production cost, we can't uh afford an L_C_D_ uh Yeah. Well Yeah well uh it's your your task to uh look into the costs uh of those uh Nigh I know. It's not yet a standard uh development uh those so We sh Yeah absolutely. Yep. 'Kay. Alright. Yes. Well you I c I can uh still see your presentation. It's in the Well uh next um I dunno who is next. You uh got uh Yes. Well go ahead. Yip. F_ five. F_ five. Click. Yep. Yeah. So it is also why we have to have a button that says uh I'm now busy with a D_V_D_ uh if we had done that. And a button for T_V_. So Well but but if you have um the most used buttons all in one place, and you keep making the same um well moves. But if y if you would put it at a different place, then you have to move your hands, and that's on of the things about R_S_I_. No but the most important buttons m maybe you can just put them a bit apart so you would reject R_ R_S_I_ R_S_I_. Yes I've saw that on m on mi mobile telephones they also have uh those buttons. Well it it's Well also i if someone puts picks up his uh remote Yeah. If someone puts up i uh picks up his remote, and he picks up it he he touches the side then he's a already on the next channel. That's very irritating, I think. Well. No. Yep. Mm-hmm. That's your part of the job. Yep. Okay. Well we understand. We understand. Oh right, no. Nice. Then uh Mike can uh give the third presentation. How late is did we start his presentation uh? Wha Yeah. Well then we have still the time, so But we do have to come to a decision, right later on. So Oh yeah? Uh? Okay, yeah well. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. I like user-centred. Yeah. We also do that. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well absolutely, but i th they all have to have something about um the recognition from our company. So we cannot just uh make someone w No but that's th the side they look uh look at is the front. So if y if you make a a front with just a a tiger on it, then uh our recognition is totally gone. Yeah, we must. Yeah well and and Yes. 'Kay. Yeah yeah yeah. Or the th the the lowest part of the remote isn't changed by the front. Those kind of things. Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Alright. Yeah? Well what if we um I at I at home have a remote that has um the most familiar uh buttons on the top, and the bottom side of the front has a little clip, a f a little uh You can click away and then you have f much more functions that most people don't use but s some do do. Well but because you say they their features are important, they want m um a lot, but not Yeah. Competitors. Yeah. Well maybe w we could uh s On um some uh calculators you have lo those little little L_C_D_ th that you can click on or something, or that you can click uh out uh of the remote. And if if that's gives you a little bit of sta status information. Yeah. Those kind of things, uh because you also have those uh those program recognition for your V_ V_C_R_s. And uh well if y if your remote picks that up also, you they can display which programme you're currently watching. Yeah. For example. It it could be such a little uh th that you can click in and out and you and you have it. Yeah. Well maybe. Yeah. Yeah. R_D_S_s or something. Well I think it's you got It just means it's a script that's uh keeps it uh rolling, and it's not uh That's five minutes off uh implementing time I think uh Yeah. No. Uh well I think so, yes. Um We're g No but we're we'll have to look into that. Um we can use this board again, I think. Uh we can put some um decisions about um the controls we want, th the issue. Where is my presentation? Uh Uh Well I mean we're all here now, I think. These I've already given you. So we have to decide on the different remote control functions. So we want to have a small L_C_D_ screen that's special. Yes. Yeah. That thing is terrible. Uh Well Well I th I think Mike Mike has a point, because um when when uh when I use a remote I l I hate the buttons but buttons at the at the bottom. So and and I I like to use the ones on the top. So when I u when I have to have an L_C_D_ s scr window Yes but we we we we don't want that. We don't want them to look like a calculator. We want to look it like our original but familiar Yea Maybe a bic uh better uh white uh We White? Width. Uh format yeah format? Line width? Width? Yeah? It's a bit off. Well. Well uh let's uh talk about that later uh It's special pen. Yeah. No. I think it should be at the button, bottom. Bottom. The L_C_D_. Yeah. Well but uh what what if we we first decide the different functions, and then look at the design. Because we have to decide this. Yeah. Yes. Well we have a power button. Guys? Guys? We have a power button, setting buttons, L_C_D_ window, the number buttons Uh Yes. Uh the mute button. I h love that one. Yes. Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Well that's that's also design. Yes. Um Well h ho Yes. Yes. They are for some uh video uh Apart. So people have to move their hand. And they get less uh complaints of R_S_I_. That's what I always do, because all my i important buttons are the same place. Yes? Well not Yes. Uh-huh. Up and down far apart from each other? Well not too much. Well for example the power button, you can If someone is constantly z zapping, it's not going to miss, that it that the power button is not right beside it. Because I have someone But the buttons is way. So that one can be put away. The power button can uh be uh uh Yes. Oh man, five minutes. Yeah, well five minutes left. Yep. Um how are we going to do it with those numbers? Well I have it here. Yeah well that's going to take too too much time. Yes. Yes. Well the L_C_D_. Um you are Industrial, you are User Interface. So I think it's going to go to Mike. But you will have to make consensus with. Well Well it's a bit hard, because we are going to be uh individually. That's a bit uh Yes. Yes it is. Well what if we're going to now decide about the functions, and the design comes into the next round? Plus the d th the design round is still to come huh? Alright these functions. The number f Well yes, that's alright. W the number function. Are we going to uh do it like uh on Mike's screen with uh one button that says I'm going to do a t two number digital? How do you want it to do then? It it has to r recognise one as there could still come more. Yes. Alright so no button for that. Okay uh anyone any uh oth other functionalities of our uh remote? So No, we'd uh just said we didn't uh Well uh Um well because we can't integrate it with any other uh remotes, all those buttons on those pictures are uh irrelevant. So just for a television is that all we need? Teletext is gone. So all those buttons that ar are to do with teletext Oh screen placing. We'll have uh those uh buttons about uh And uh the two important ones we're l f forgetting. Uh there's um screen. You can make it wider and less wide. And the button that you can go to A_V_ for your video. Those two? But it's just two, and we make a clip? Th that's a bit uh waste. Yes. Or at the top. Your L_C_D_ screen is going to go. Yes. Yeah Well I think they should in an in an isolated part of the remote. Yes? Yes. Yes. Well any other uh Go to video, that's always on your remote control. To A_V_ uh to A_V_ A_V_ A_V_. Well l n no not at not at my remote. Yeah. Yes. I don't. I go to ninety-nine. Th that's the button uh No. No you can ch push zero. Yeah. Yeah, I I think that one button is uh I use it uh Yeah? These buttons, I don't have buttons for channel setting uh especially on my remote. It's it's incorporated with p m plus and down, uh those So we still have one uh four? Ch ch Okay. Oh the Okay button? Oh you always have in the centre an Okay button, for your menu. Menu button. Channel, setting, menu. We have to go. Okay. So um Save. Yes see. Yes I have put it in. Here. Alright. Guys? We're going to uh go to our uh rooms, and uh we'll have to decide s things on our own I think. So Well see you uh W w we have lunchtime, by the way, now uh so uh Lunch. Ah. We didn't exactly do everything but So
Great man. Who starts? Alright, great. Alright. Mm-hmm. Yes. 'Kay. Yeah. No. You're the only one. Alright. 'Kay. Alright. Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yeah. But let's forget about it. It's just time-consuming, so we uh have to go on. Yes. Mm. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I think I have to start. Oh no, no problem. I I just have to uh to think which file's mine, 'cause I was uh bit in a hurry. I think it's this one. But I'm not sure. Hmm? Yeah. S Right. Yes. This is it. Well, I'm going to tell you something about functional requirements. Um to start with these points. Uh next sheet? Um at first I tell you something about what people dislike about the current uh controls, because it's uh a smart thing to exclude those things. Uh, furthermore it's very important what they do like and what they do use. Um then I tell something about um the most important issues. So we have to focus on those three thing three things. And in the end I'll um show you our target audience or our target product users, customers. Well, um the first findings are that people um think most controls are very kind of ug ugly. That's seventy five per cent of the current users. They don't like it, so we might think about fronts in that section. Um They also say, that's about uh I thought it was fifty per cent, uh that more money will be spent on uh better looking controls. So it's very important that you design a a nice looking control. Um the current user uses his machine just about well all of the time for a few functions. Uh, almost every user uses it d the the control for just ten per cent of its capacity. So it's really important to make the the buttons for the common uh tasks kind of big or kind of uh flashy. Furthermore, it's uh seventy five per cent of the users uh zaps a lot. Thus it might be uh might be smart to make a a big uh zapping button or something in the middle, so you can reach it with your thumb. Yeah, yeah right. Right. A lot of losers um users lose their controls in their in their living room. So it might be sensible to make some kind of a button on your television, that's your um your control beeps or something, that you can find this very easily. I dunno, maybe that's an idea. 'Cause it's uh a big I think fifty per cent of the users loses his its control, within the same room. So Yeah but what if you lose your click-on device? Yeah but if someone d somebody else uses it in ano other room or something? Nee but it it specifically says it's uh the the control is lost in the same room. So Well a beeping device would be Uh furthermore the learning time is a problem. Uh thirty four thirty four per cent um thinks it's it's too uh too difficult to learn. So the the learning curve should be very short uh for the dumbest people should be able to use it. Yeah but people don't read manuals. No. I think you should put more time in the in the design of uh pick up and use, than a manual. Yeah. Right. And it should be consistent with consistent with older remotes. Alright. And we don't have much time. So it's better to uh put our attention to the the design. So you can pick up and use it, than I think. Yeah right, right. Next point. Um R_S_I_. Well that's about twenty per cent I thought. But uh the designer should uh take it uh should uh Wie zeg ik dat? Yeah, consider the consequences of using your remote. It should be a good in your hand. Right, this is the most important part. Um, we're Like the requirements said, we're gonna specify of we're gonna target a younger audience. Um, that's about sixty per cent of the market, so it's uh quite important. Um research shows that they like to have a little L_C_D_ screen on their on their uh zapping uh device. Uh I thought it was the age between sixteen and twenty, ninety nine per cent of uh the people like that. So it's very important we should definitely have that in our uh designs. Yeah but they think it's really important. So if we want to s If we have a big If we make lots of uh of the stuff, maybe we can uh buy it very cheap, I dunno. We have to uh Yeah, I don't know. I don't have any information on that. So Right. And uh another thing is uh speech uh recognition. They also like that, but research is very uh costly. So Yeah, but it it might be important for the sale. Well I do think L_C_D_ is more reachable than the speech recognition. So we might consider L_C_D_ screens. Alright. Alright. Um, I think that's it. Um I think it is sensible to u uh to take this take these points into the notes. So you can Right. Yeah. Right. Alright. Next button. Oh right. Purple. Yeah, yeah, yeah. A bit. Maybe you can select it. So it uh inverts. the p the whole picture. Nah, uh never mind. Yeah. Alright. Right. Can I say something? Um I have a table here about uh the l the relevance of the buttons. Uh the power button is used very much, channel selection, volume and teletext. Well teletext is not an option, so that uh But I think it's very important to make um the power, channel and volume buttons uh near to the thumb, so you can't have R_S_I_ uh consequences. Right. Make them big, make them easy to uh to press. Right. Yeah, right. Right. Yeah, that's right. That's right. That's right. We But Yeah. That's very important. And But is that is that useable? Do people, uh when they pick up a remote, know that they have to do that? It's a f it's a new feature, you can make make a double feature l like a button on the top and under it. Yeah, he feels it immediately. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Right, continue. Sorry. Yeah, that's right. Alright. Alright. Yeah, it's clear. I dunno. I think uh w About twenty minutes ago? Losing time losing time. Yeah right. So I don't think so. Yeah right. These are already in use? Alright, okay. Well Yeah, me too. Mm. But we have to reject that, because of the requirements? Alright. Yeah, right. Yeah. But it Yeah, that's right. Yeah, that's a must. We must have that. We can make a symbol of the company right here. And if you put a front on it, there's a hole on the front. So the symbol's always on Yeah. Yeah, yeah. But let's not focus on the front. Alright. Yeah, I agree. I've I've got another point. Um there are two target audi audiences, and we've uh chose for the younger one. Um, research has shown that um it's a high interested uh in features. They are high high interested in feature. But they are more critical. Fo Yeah, critical. So The younger audience. So we must um must design uh a control that really speaks to the people. Mm-hmm. Clip aren't used much. Yeah right. Yeah but Yeah. Here, look at these numbers. The newest features are, like I said, are uh L_C_D_ and uh speech uh control. Our audience, these people, are very like these uh features. You see? So we must build in something, or they will to uh go to the concurrent. The concurrent? Competitors, right. So, I do think we have to uh have some features. Even though they cost a little more. Right. Right. Like a ticker-tape. Which programme you are l watching or something. Yeah, right. Yeah right. No not clickable. Nah, no no no. Yeah, just at at the top. So when you s you sit like this you can can watch. I think it should be at the top. Yeah right. It's a ticker-tape idea. Well it's just one script. Yeah, five minutes of ja ja for programming. So I don't think that's the issue. Alright, we go with the L_C_D_ screen? 'Kay. Right, I don't know if I can find that, but Next time. Yeah right. Yeah, I understand what you're saying. We should have a general idea of how it's gonna look. Right. At the top. I think the top is more uh When you s How do you zap? You just sit in your chair? With the remote? Yeah but that's where your hand ball might be. Yeah, I dunno. We'll draw two, and then we'll see uh No Um he thinks Yeah, right. He thinks it's better to put the L_C_D_ at the bottom, and I think it's better at the top. But your Yeah. The the ticker The L_C_D_ is like like small. It's it's wide. It's not not high. But Yeah right. But We're making a remote with with a few functions you know. We High-tech. Width. Th that's not a problem. When I draw here it Oh. Huh? Yeah, it's off. It it needs to be calibrated again. Well Where? Alright, we have to make a decision now, because we don't have much time. Um I think we have uh a few functions, and we can put uh the L_C_D_ above it, and still have lots of room at the bottom, where you can put your hand. At the bot So We are two uh V_S_ two. Right. Great. And moreover I think that you two should be uh come to consensus about the L_C_D_ s. It's uh your it's your job. Yeah, right. Alright, let's keep it central. Mm. Right. You should put that uh power button, channel and volume should have the most uh importance. Yeah, but what he said about R_S_I_ was t kinda true. When when you uh put them all in the same place, the most used buttons, you're doing the same thing all the time, and that's just what R_S_I_'s all about. So it might be smarter to put them a little more away from each other. Um Frequency of uh button use. Um channels are uh most uh is most used within the hour. You can see. So the the channel uh channel buttons should be far far apart, I think, up and down. You thinking uh about R_S_I_? Y look at uh look at the frequency. Nei not too much, but Nei nei nei n I I totally agree. But just Yeah. Right. Yeah. I agree. And should and should be red. Right, just make some decisions. The most important things we have to uh I do think you have to keep you have to keep it central now. Just uh you decide that, you decide that, and ready. Yeah. Nei. We're No We're deciding now, so Top or bottom? Okay. Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah, okay. No. Do you still have the pictures over there? Yeah, that's about it. You do need the uh multi Or did uh No, like this one. You do need them? Yeah, I know. But are we Alright, alright uh Now okay. Right. Yeah, it's most useable this way. Yeah. Right. I do think we have to put that underneath a clip. Yeah. Okay, right. Well if you you take those th If you Yeah, but you can z you can zap t you can you can zap to the video channel from zero to uh Yeah, but when you zap down zero you get to A_V_. Ah uh well whatever,. Yeah, but if we're choosing to uh incorporate these buttons, you have to have uh channel setting, if you wa if you have a new T_V_. You have to set the channels. Right all th these uh different buttons you have to Ah, I do. Right. That's the only one we put uh in there. For a screen uh fu uh channel setting. Programme, right. Uh Ah. Great. Alright. Ah. Okay. Get into my belly.
Mm. Well, yeah. No. Oh. We have forty minutes for this uh discussion? Alright. Huh? Yeah. Mm-hmm, now it's right. It's meant to be easily wiped out, yeah. Mm-hmm. I I disagree, but uh it's not uh t it's not my place to disagree I guess. Oh, alright. Yeah, we are a real fashionable company. I read uh I read it on the I didn't know what company we were, but we we design uh especially trendy uh trendy trendy stuff. So it has to be uh a modern design. That's important to know, uh when you design a thing of course. Yeah. The order? No. You can zap away. Yeah. Oh. Oh? Mm-hmm. I think our uh user uh expert should also consider manual a manual for the remote, of course. Uh I didn't read it? Oh, alright. users to uh add one? Do you think? Mm-hmm. Yeah alright. Because they don't use it? Alright. Well maybe for the If you don't recognise a button who d who d who do I call uh wh when I don't know it? Isn't it part of the of the u No. No. Never mind. Consider the m Yeah. Mm-hmm. It's going to be expensive. Yeah. Well we'll uh consider it uh. We'll think abo we'll think No, we'll look we'll look into that later. Alright? We have very demanding clients. Yeah, yeah, alright. Well we'll consider both and and see what uh what what we can find, I think. We don't rule them out uh yet. Shall I give a technical talk? Alright. Well uh it is my task to uh explain uh or to point out a working design. We have that here. Okay, how do you enlarge it, so that you can have the F_ F_ five. Yep. Well, the working design, that's my uh Well alright uh, you know who I am and what I do. So uh we have this. It's a bit uh unclear because I wanted to copy paste something. It was originally in black and white but it became black and purple. But I think you can read it. Um well um I think it's important uh for you to realise the basic function of a remote control. Uh well you can see uh And I then can select I can select on the dings It goes to the next page. Well, you can read it, it's not too difficult. Meanwhile, this is a schematic uh um view of uh how a basic remote control works. You have uh basically uh the energy, the power of the of the remote control, uh and the sender, w which is the LED, the the the the the the the the the bulb that sends the the infrared beam to the, no, to the set. And uh the source is of course the user. Uh the user interface is um uh the the the buttons of course. And the the user interface sends uh the the different signals of the different buttons to the chip, and the chip uh sends it to the LED, and the LED sends it to the receiver. That's the that's the basic idea. Very basic. Um well I have uh uh put it in a in in in a a couple of basic steps. Uh the remote uh is basically just waiting for a user to press a key. It does nothing until uh of course uh the key is pressed. The key a signal to a chip, uh the chip senses the connection. uh and recognise the key. So well you understand. The chip uh produces Morse code, um a specific code to indicate that specific button that is pressed, of course. And it uses transistors in the in the remote control to amplify and to send uh that signal again to the to the LED, which is the bulb, of course. Now the LED produces an infrared beam and signals the, well it's uh very simple, and signals the uh signals to the sensor on the T_V_ set, and the T_V_ set uh also recognises the the the signal, and performs the assigned task. Ah bu Yeah, but we don't. Uh we No no, but Yeah. Exactly. Uh well this is uh the basic uh function of a remote. I've some couple of pictures here. It's a very basic one. And uh if we if we're going to add an uh an uh L_C_D_ screen to it, it uh won't look anything like this, but This is very basic uh basically the the shape of um of a remote control. It has uh very little buttons and But it it uh it's it's quite um Yeah, you can easily recognise the buttons. They're uh far enough apart and an anything. It's not very um uh not very high-tech uh indeed, and it's not very user-friendly. Uh if you look at the shape, it's uh just a simple long box uh shape. So we have to uh change a little bit uh to that, uh so that uh it becomes more user-friendly, and that uh problems like uh R_S_I_ and uh those kinds of thing don't don't oc don't occur. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah, because they are the the most important buttons and you can immediately You don't have to look and and search for them. Well you you can't have any uh every button under the thumb, of course. Yeah. Well,. But in e in any case the the basic function should be uh indeed, and as you say at the thumb. I think that's a good idea, and uh and that the less important uh buttons, like the the the different channels, uh the numbers one two three four five as well, should be uh yeah well not in reach, because uh they don't use it uh all the time. Well it's uh pretty pretty basically uh as you said. And I have some pictures of the inside workings, but uh I don't want to get too technical, because uh that's not uh very uh useful for you. So yeah exactly this is uh how it uh looks from the inside. And uh well that's about it I think. Oh yeah, I still have this. Oh I had to delete this, but I had to make a schematic uh of the of the new But I had too too little time, but uh don't uh don't look at it please. I I think it's it's clear uh how it works. Alright. That's the most important thing. Alright. Uh Right. Yeah, uh there are different uh We have all have different home pages, with different links. Yeah. Mm-hmm. You can't really see uh the differ from different sides. But I think uh Uh you can draw it if you Yeah. We can put it on the on the back side. Yeah, so that you don't replace the symbol, yeah. Mm-hmm. Mike, uh can you put uh that picture from me on the in the Word documents file? In Map? The younger uh Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think uh the most functions uh underneath that uh uh No um mm usually But Yeah I think m most Most uh Mm-hmm. Uh. Yeah. Our competitor. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So it it just signals the the different uh sig uh the different symbols on the screen you have, uh because if you change to s channel two you have two on the screen and two on your on your um on your L_C_D_ screen. But should it uh really be uh clickable, uh or or just integrate inside to try to make it d more trendy. But that's of course uh a bit more uh expensive than uh the basic uh calculator design, with the scrolling text and that kind of thing. Alright. Shouldn't we start with the most important parts? The L_C_D_ screen alright but we should start with the power button? Uh Huh? And then uh Maybe we should uh centralise the discussion here. I dunno what uh you were talking about but we are busy with something. Uh-huh. Why do you think it's better at the bottom? But you just can put uh the the the the the whole interface a bit down, so that there's room for the for the interface. Uh-huh. And and we can Bottom. Well that's a bit exaggerated. Well, I agree with you. It's it's also more recognisable. It looks more like a calculator to people, if you have the l the the the thing on top. Yeah w well, but uh you don't have to throw uh um important aspe important aspect like familiarity uh completely away, uh because I think it's uh I think it's still important to have it at the top, because it's uh it's more familiar that way. A little a little bit. Maybe you should another pen. Maybe that's uh better. You e you only have one pen for that screen. Yeah. Yeah. I I agree. Well I'm the I I'm the designer, so um Yeah. Uh we uh we were busy with that. Uh yeah we should uh summon the the different uh aspects of the thing. So, we have the power button. Yeah of course. Uh it's uh. Yeah. W wh While you have to agree, I can say it's like this and you must agree. Yeah. Channel, yeah. Volume control. Um Well let's look at your uh design. Uh Uh-huh. Yeah. But th th on this remote th these controls are for something else, a D_V_D_ player or something. So Yeah, it's it's also not good to completely stay in one position constantly with one hand. Y Yeah. It's good to move uh from time to time. Yeah. No but now y W would we have to choose a way in middle? Mm-hmm. Oh. Far apart? I think you can have the two buttons of up and down close together, but you don't have uh have to have volume control and and zapping button close together. Yeah. C c can you make you make We can use uh the drawing board now, I think. Uh it it doesn't work well but But it it would be pretty pretty uh nice if we could just draw a simple thing. Mm. Alright. Well uh yeah I I still think it's it's quite important though to uh to have it at the top, so Yeah. You say familiarity isn't important but Yeah d Yeah. As we we we we agreed, we do have a L_C_D_. So that's that's enough. Yeah. There's one two three four five six six seven eight nine zero. Oh, like that. Um They'd recognise it. Th that's the most That that's very easy. Yeah. I think these are the the most important functions. basic function. Oh yeah. Uh just two just two under uh under uh I I think uh But you you can put uh two or three buttons under uh another section. Uh that's that's too complicated. You can just put it somewhere They they aren't used much, not as much as those other, so you can put it somewhere Yeah s bit smaller and s Well uh and and I think more at the bottom. Yeah. Yeah or at the top, yeah. What do you think uh those those buttons? Above or down? And w where? Well we design it later. We have it, and we design later where everything goes. Yeah. The the video channel uh? No no not always. Ze yeah zero is a different channel than uh the the video channel. But it's easy to go If you are at uh at channel uh fifty five and you want to uh go immediately to the video channel, you do you have to push a to to get below zero. It's more easy to get to uh where the specific uh video channel button. Yeah well uh d different screen settings a Yeah, sk Yeah y you you you you have screen width. Yeah to uh oh yeah of course to configure the programme the Yeah. Yeah. You should Yeah. I think that's important. Uh And and the settings to change the brightness the settings to change the brightness and the contrast. Channel, yeah. Chief? Chief? Th the menu menu button is also important. Then you can uh Where? I don't see it. Oh Menu, alright. In the menu. And you can uh then adjust it with the zapping buttons or something. Because uh the zapping buttons aren't used then if you are in the menu. Yeah. Or the volume, yeah. Yes chief. Yeah this is this is your thing. I am hungry. See you later mate.
Mm. Oh. Oh. Oh, that's a shame. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. No. I don't think Yeah. Yes you should You should could take a look at it and and and know how it how it's supposed to work. Yeah but nobody reads a manual about a remote control, I think. Yeah right. It sh it should be there, the manual. But but not to explain how the remote works. Only Hmm. No. I think that's uh difficult to realise also. No and we have customers in multiple uh countries I think. Yeah. No. Oh you go. Yeah, go ahead. High tech. You can also like Yeah, I was thinking you can Are some of the the the um Maybe you can make, for for channel changing, two little buttons on the side of the remote, so you can just do like this. Like some uh little uh Gameboy things or some Hmm? Well Yeah alright, but Yeah, but if you s say them up and down, they they'll understand it, I think. Eighty per cent would. Yeah that's true. Yeah but Mm. Well I thought um everybody on the website uh would see the same thing, but obviously that's not the case. Yeah. For instance you couldn't see this. Um Yeah. Well I'm Mike, User Interface Designer. The the method? Well I used my own experience with remotes, took a good l look uh at the remotes on the corporate website, which are these two. Um Yes, these are from from another uh manufacturer. Um This one is engineering-centred, so this one has the most functions and um things. This one is user-centred. Um I like user-centr centred uh uh also the best. Um Well, I thought uh that we uh reduce the the option to control the D_V_D_ also, and teletext and that kind of stuff. Uh so I thought we we we would use more or need more buttons than this one. But Yes. Th that's why this mm is not relevant any more I feel. Um I think this is about the maximum number of buttons uh we'll need. I um I kinda like the shape. I think this is what we talked about. But No I've Well I showed it somewhere. Um Oh yeah. I think we should go further with the idea of a removable front. So we can can uh yeah customise the Mm? Yeah. It's a front. It's not the the whole remote that changes, of course. You can Mm. Or you can you can can put the same symbol on on every remote. So l like Ericsson does every uh S something like this. It's recognisable. Um Yeah? Yeah yeah. Something like that, in the Yeah. Yeah. Um Well so uh uh like I said I thought we'd we'd use more function. If we we had to include more functions. But we don't. So um Yeah. I think this is about the maximum number of buttons we need. Maybe some less. Like eject we don't need, and some other buttons we don't need. I think uh Yeah, I will. I think uh for the remote um uh less is more. The less buttons the better the design. Um We should go with that concept I think. I know. Mm. Yeah, but what kind of features? Like L_C_D_ screens and voice recognition. But I've Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, we should keep that simple too. It will No, it should be uh integrated. I think Yeah, something like on um some radios in car. You Where it's, yeah, walking to Yeah. Wa Yeah. Yeah well we we we still need to know how much that will cost. Or maybe you will get that information uh Yeah. At the top or at the bottom? Yeah but Yeah but with with the L_C_D_ screen on the top it gets a bit unnatural. 'Cause most remotes have some space left at the bottom. Yeah, no Mm. Uh well because most uh remotes have um some space left at the bottom, and that way you can keep the shape recognisable for everybody. I c Well I d I think that's that's ugly but I th Yeah. Power button always Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, y you gotta zap like this or you want to Yeah. Yeah you don't want You want uh Yeah it it it must be a remote. Yeah. At the bottom? In a few minutes Oh yeah, oh yeah, I totally agree. Yeah. He's the boss. No it's our job. For all of us I think. The ten numbers? Yeah? Volume? I think we we should use something like this um to um The the channel up and channel down button? Yeah, in circle, you know? And and a volume control also in it. Yes, as I already said, we could drop some of these buttons. Yeah. I think these should be in one big circle in the middle. Yeah but people don't like it when their buttons are all over the place. They they need to be centred. Volume hardly. No I don't think. Yeah but Yeah but No. The other the other two uh frustrations are far more important. So Well they are used four times an hour, so Power bu button should be left at the top. Mm. Yeah. Well consensus, um We we can put it in the middle, so Alright. No. Well just when you push a one one and No, if you On most T_V_s if you uh press two numbers shortly after each other, d it Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We we can make make uh a little row of like four buttons down here. Or at Yeah alright then. Oh, they can be small or round like buttons. Why go to video? That's just zero. Yeah. Yeah, but you can can zap down Yes, I think th No, then you press ninety nine. I think go to video is an irrelevant button, but Yeah well y you must have. Yeah you yeah you have one one button from s set frequency o or something, and then with plus and min minus you can uh adjust the uh Yeah, alright. I think things like uh contrast and brightness should be um in the menu, yeah. Yeah, the Or the volume or something like that. Your pen. I thought we'd uh lunch uh right now, or not? Yeah, lunch break.
";There are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for TV only, they should ignore the teletext function, as it is dated, and, also, the remote should be recognisable as a Real Reaction product. The target group will be people below 30. It transpires that customers are willing to pay more for fancier looking remotes, especially if they include LCD screens and speech recognition. Functions like zapping are very prevalent, as well as complaints about remotes being difficult to learn and easy to lose. The function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip, and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver (the TV) via infrared. The team agreed to follow a user-centred approach and simplify the design by somehow minimising the number of buttons. They plan to include an LCD screen to display relevant information. Other functions are served by push buttons: OK, menu, screen sizing, AV, settings buttons, mute, digits 1-9, power, volume control, channel up/down with the last three types being prominent on the device. The exact design and placement of the components will be decided in the next meeting. 
"I'm listening. Right. Great. Alright, great. Yeah, great. Alright, Trendwatch. Right. I will speak about uh latest trends trends, latest fashion updates, and uh things we must not do. Uh the trends. It's very important that uh the control is fancy looking and good uh feeling. Uh this because of our last model was very functional, but it uh people didn't like that, so our new mo model must be very good-looking. That's uh something you uh have to take a look at. And uh the feeling has to be very great. Also the menus and things like that they have to they have to feel great. Um there's a minus uh two times here, because this is the most important point. This is uh two times as less important, and uh same for this one. Um, technological technological innovations, that's uh regarded very highly too. Uh such as an uh L_C_D_ screen, uh speech uh acknowledgement, as we uh talked about earlier. So we have to have uh something like that, like we uh Right. Uh the last point is easy to use. Well I think that uh speaks for s for itself. I don't know who's uh who's going to look at that. Yeah? Yeah, I know. I think we have to go for the first one. It's the most important one. So we have to uh take that one. So it it it isn't very important that that it works easy. But it has to look great. We'll see. Yeah, right. But the most important thing is that it looks great and people say wow, that's real great uh great concept. Alright. Uh these are the new colours of this year. So it must be very bright, very colourful. People like this. So we we have to think uh in this direction. So i set your mind to it. Findings? Fashion update? Fruit and vegetables are cool. I am told. The group we are targeting is uh very pleased with fruit and vegetables. So we we we might cons consider in front of uh in in that sort of uh way. Uh furthermore uh material, that's your part, should be very strong. I was thinking of something like uh well uh iron plate over it, maybe in a colour or something, that looks so f really flashy but it it is also strong. And that's uh also for the younger public. Yeah, that's great. But I think we can all make the the fronts of titanium or something uh really thin. So it looks very heavy but you can still uh use it very easily. Well, the don'ts. Older people like dark colours and simple shapes. Well we don't want uh older people, we want young people. So uh we're gonna turn that around. We're gonna have real uh cool shapes and lots of colours. Right? Okay. We don't want wood. Old people. So, that's it for me. Yeah, we should change that. No no no. Mm. Yeah. We keep coming back to the fronts. Yeah. Fruity. Fruity. Well it's got a strong look, this. Yeah. Yeah, it still has a strong look. But then you are losing your fruity colours. That's true. Yeah but the But it doesn't have to look strong. The the results are, the feel of the material is expected to be strongy. The feel. Nah yeah the feel Right. I agree. I dunno. Yeah right. Yeah. Right. Oh okay. Right. No. But that that makes it cheap. It's it's just a an extra function, and it's cheap. No but Yeah, right. Young people love them. Yeah, ple Right. Alright. How How How do you uh uh give input to the menu on the L_C_D_ screen? Alright. So you have a menu button, and then you can go up and down. Yeah right. Yeah.. You have to push hard. Yeah. Yeah. You've Right. And you you need a you need a speaker. For the Yeah. Yeah. Exit. But we need a we need a a recording recording button for the speech uh part. Or don't Right, and spea speaker at the back, or something. Alright. Alright. Yeah, fine. Move on. Yeah. Nei They're n they're not trendy. It doesn't look strong. Yeah right. This is just crazy. Nah th It's too expensive. Yeah. But are we going for a strange uh form? 'Cause people like that. Not too strange. You can make the the underside, you can make it more round, where the L_C_D_ is. I dunno if you know the No Nokia telephone, with uh the round uh thing at at the bottoms, s something like that. You know? Yeah, but people like something uh new you know. Yeah, different. Y yis Alright. Great. Your bag. Yeah. Materials are the most, most impor Yeah. Do you know the new uh No no The front is the most important. But the feel of plastic isn't strong. Yeah alright, alright. 'Kay. Yeah. Fronts are are cheaper than when they're from plas Yeah, but it it's expensive. Bendable. Bendable. Yeah. Paint spray. Yeah alright. So, we're going for a titanium back and a plastic front? Yeah, great. Yeah. But then you have the problem, when you have a titanium back, you can't switch it. When you want an other colour on the front, it doesn't match. You know? I understand. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Alright. Yeah. Alright. Funky customers. Alright. Nei. So external. Yeah. Alright. I think we can launch a couple of packages. You can buy a different kind of of of machine, but it's the same thing, but with another front. So And you can you can Yeah right. Yeah but if you if you launch uh five different packages like iPod mini Yeah. It's good marketing. Yeah, n not too heavy. You can always take another pick. They have to buy it later on. Yeah right. More basic. Yeah. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah. But we we must remember that fancy look-and-feel is the most important thing. Else it w won't sell. So Lost my mouse. Unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah togeth You can take the SMARTboard. Have fun. 'Kay. We don't have produ product yet, so kind of difficult. Ajax. Nah. Um round. Yeah. Round. Curvy. Yeah. So you can see you have to up or down. And this must be uh volume I think, and this programme. Yeah. Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I noticed. You can't uh click the corners. It's a real real great thing. Let's start the design. O Yeah. Me too. But we kree we keep adjusting to the fashion with our fronts. So Yeah, right. The logo Yeah. But the logo the logo shouldn't be exchangeable, when you get off the front. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but you can scratch it off or something. It's better if you have it uh Yeah. I agree. But not too big. Just uh Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No no no no. You have to make this titanium too. Else you you get problems with the L_C_D_. Like dust in it and so things like that. When you exchange all the fronts and it's open. Yeah. Some some kind of wei weight in it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you can make it go round this corner too where the logo is. Because it has to be uh there all the time you know. So uh a little corner of titanium. So this this is the exchangeable part. Right. Taking all the credit. But there's a problem. We can't uh take a blank one. Or can we? Yeah. Nah that's alright, that's alright. This one is empty. You have to empty one huh? Alright. No Yeah. Yeah. It's not relaxing. I I don't have a laptop. Yeah right. Dream on. Half No. It's all about cool things. And it will sell. We will be rich. No. No man. You just have to push harder. Yeah. Mm. Recalibrate it. Yeah. Finish meeting now. Yeah. Oh. Alright. Have fun lads.
Mm-hmm. Alright. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. Alright. Easy to use? I think that's your ta Mm. You Yeah. Yeah, yeah, you can make a very complicated uh uh remote anyway, so ease of use It's not a very comp complicated device. Alright. Uh you think? Mm. Mm. Alright. Yeah, among the old people, yeah. Right, I am going to tell you something about the components design. Uh again I have uh put up the specification properties. This uh so um uh the different uh components of the of of the device. And the materials? Um I have heard several things, so I uh I'll have to change that on the way. But uh the case? Uh I suggested uh in the previous meeting hard plastic. But uh as you indicated uh it should be strong. It should feel strong. So maybe plastic is not uh sufficient. We should move to uh something Well yeah. Y Hard plastic i is of course uh pretty pretty tough, but it doesn't have a really really tough look. So Yeah. Also Yeah. Mm-hmm. But we'll return to that. Uh the buttons of course rubber, I think everyone agrees. And electrical cables, copper is all pretty basic stuff. The chips made of silicon, I guess. I think that's the best uh way to do it. And infra infrared l LED is uh just a simple bulb. Then I've uh had a few findings, made a few findings. Uh the target audience product style. Um it's uh um generally the case that uh senior and wealthy people above uh forty five years old uh like, as you said, uh particularly the traditional materials as such as wood and materials such as that. They also like straightforward shapes and luxurious style. But of course that's not our uh things this. So this is things we must not do. And then we have uh young uh and dynamic uh people, which is of course our uh group, the people we aim at. Um under forty five years old. Uh they like soft materials uh with primary colours. Soft materials is of course uh agai again a bit a contradiction with uh our uh material choice of what you said, that uh it should be hard an and and and and strong looking. But they like soft materials, uh so we might uh we have to consider that. And also they like curved round shapes. So not uh too formal like like uh the older people want. And if uh also a finding but not very ap applicable here, that sports and gaming devices such as uh discmans for jogging and that those kind of devices, gaming devices, should define the characteristics of the device. But uh since we don't have a really a sports or gaming device, so we don't really have to consider that. Mm. Well I also have um several examples of uh styles, so you can get a clear picture of uh what I mean. Uh these are the basic uh older older peoples' stuff. It was not very uh interesting uh, very classical looking, but that's n that's not what we want. We have these kind of things. I don't know what exactly they are. It looks like Well you know uh you recognise the shapes, it's very primary colours, uh bright colours and uh round shapes. You also uh see uh this device, it's not very round and Fruity of course. Yeah, it uh That's true. And uh well round shapes, primary colours. You can see it all here. And of course uh this famous device. I think as you know something uh some devices like this. So to give you an idea of uh This has a strong look. Although it's plastic, it's it's grey to to to give it iron look. That's uh Yeah. Well we have to make a Well we can't really make a round uh a round remote control. I don't think that's very practical, but But uh it's important to to uh to think about the colour. Because if we make it grey or or silvery looking, it it does make it a lot more uh does make it looking a lot more stronger. 'Cause if you look at this, it it doesn't look very very strong, becau But this is plastic, and and this too, but The feel? Uh alright. Well Mm-hmm. And I Then I have some more findings. Um uh about the energy energy source of the of the device, uh I uh suggest uh the basic battery. I uh got some other um uh uh energy sources of course. But solar energy is not very practical inside a house, because you don't have a have a lot of uh sun. And uh kinetic and and and dynamos are are not very practical, I think, for uh for a simple remote, that's a bit, oh, that's a bit uh That's a bit uh much. And I also suggest uh as a shape uh a double curved case. Uh the disadvantage of that that you can use no titanium. That that's the information I received. If you use the curved case, uh a curved case, double curved then you can't use titanium. Now uh this uh to give it a more modern look. And uh now the the shape, yeah, a curved case. Um yeah I think uh sort of triangle-shaped bottom or something. Uh a more modern look not plain, long box style, but I'll draw it, but maybe later. And it makes uh it gives it a more u user friendly shape, than if you have uh. Um anyway Um f as uh for the buttons, simple push buttons. No uh otherwi uh no um difficult scroll things or some uh things like that, because it makes more complex and expensive. And, uh as we agreed, we don't use a speaker or a sensor or um uh speak uh speech uh controlled device. Because it makes it also more complex and expensive. But we do use an L_C_D_ screen, so we uh we do have to consider uh of we have to use a more advanced chip, which is more complex and expensive. But It's worth the trouble I think, because Uh rubber is a soft material, I guess. Uh soft enough. So that's uh basically what I want to talk about. Oh, yeah, I understand. Yeah. Yeah. But it it's n nice for young people. They like gadgets. Yeah. If it's cheap. Yeah. Can you draw it now of uh Can you draw it now? Mm. Alright. button, yeah. I suggest a banana shape. Because of the fruity uh fashion. Yellow and Yeah alright, yeah. Just a hunch. Those are the the cha the channel buttons of course? And then below is the L_C_D_ screen? Alright, yeah. Mm-hmm. Uh by pe pressing the menu button again. By pressing the menu button again, you go uh out. It's usual the the the d kind of the way it works. Yeah? Yeah? Yeah. But you can men you can press menu again to get out. No. Why would you put it uh then, and where is the recording uh the microphone? Where would you put it? Uh-huh. Microphone, yeah. Yeah I understand. Uh but uh we could uh d do, but it's perhaps more expensive, uh the speaker on the back or something. Alright. Well yeah yeah yeah. I can live with it. They do they don't look fruity enough. Tho Yeah those But it doesn't uh the Yeah, ok Yeah. But it it must not look too childish of course huh? But it Yeah. Not not too strange. No. Exotic yeah. We have t Yeah, yeah. I will design it, we design it later. So we'll get to that later I guess. The specific shape. The Our sources. But uh we should decide now. So we have to uh put it in one uh document. Copy paste uh this story into a into a Word document, and then uh put the answers after the subjects. Yeah. Well we have to decide all these things? W we can uh override them? Well a case? Uh that's me. Uh I suggest Well what do I suggest actually? Uh s solid, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I understand. Yeah. So we have titanium. Yeah but the non-removable elements of the of the remote, so not the front, could be titanium, to give that uh strong look. And then the front is made of plastic. And you can put that on and off, and switch it. No but you have titanium of course. Uh you have the best of both worlds. And of course, yeah, you have the the the plastic front end. But you also have the titanium. Yeah of course, but yeah you have to make a decision. I guess so. Uh titanium I sh I think uh Huh? Well, well the According to my sources, uh it's it's totally possible to make an entire uh uh uh Titanium is available, and uh we can uh make uh an entire remote out of it, if we want. Mm. Mm. Yeah, I think that's a nice trade-off. Alright. Yeah, for the front and then titanium for the back. For the non-removable uh part. Well but The titan titanium isn't isn't v very Yeah, i it doesn't uh curves. No uh I nei. Titanium is very No no no, but you know b Titanium is very basic colour, and it doesn't really matter if we have a purple front on it or a orange front. I dunno if if you disagree, but I think it's doesn't matter very much. And even if it does uh doesn't match, it will uh People like mm colours that don't match. Cop copper uh material. Excuse me? Yeah copper i just a ba basic uh Yeah in Yeah well inside the remote control we use a couple of uh Oh external? Well A coffee grind doesn't have Na ja. Never mind the coffee grind. Right? Alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah the the the front w Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah. For the for the launch, yeah. So e th then a c couple of basic colours. Not not very uh sim Not Yeah. Yeah. Very boring, yeah. The most boring fronts possible. Yeah but you you can have some basic colours, and then we come with the special patterns on them, and and uh And uh Uh we still have to make We have still have to make the es the the real basic design. Because yeah we have the sketch but Alright, yeah. The price? We all agree on that. Yeah. Together or uh Yeah together. How Yeah yeah, but how do I Some Some non functional tasks. You're fired. No but Well, can we talk about something else? Uh Uh no I don't know anything, but maybe uh anyone else uh Yeah? Round I think. To make it as uh as round as possible. But now I see the Well th th th th th that depends uh. Well we uh We we j we'll just give them an uh We'll design it, and then they can give comments on it. Well yeah. Um I think um a logo, our company logo, and the slogan should be or could be Yeah, why not? If there's enough space, you can put uh We'll we'll Well, our slogan is not very long. It's just a simple What is it? You c But you can put it on the back, on the titanium part. The logo and the and the Yeah they do. Well yeah. Right corner, or maybe here in the middle? Yeah it it should be hard on the on the on the board, and you can remove the front. I l I like the idea of the of the slogan on the on the on the thing. But am I the only one, or uh No not on the front, but on the backside. Uh I think it's a nice idea, to make it more recognisable, that the next to the logo you have the slogan. To make more uh of an impression. Not too big. No, very small. Not on the entire back, but uh just very small. But readable enough of course. But we'll uh we'll take that uh with us into the design. Lo Uh yeah. Or maybe here in the middle, but we'll decide later. Do you do you see a bit of the of the um of the uh titanium? O on the front? Uh maybe if we make this this this lower part titanium, the front is the the upper part, and the the bit with the with the L_C_D_ screen. So Yeah. No no betwe of between we can do but But then you have two parts of front, two fronts that This enti entire bottom? And then the lower part is titanium? I think that's nice, yeah. Yeah. I like that bit of uh titanium also on the uh A bit like uh a bit like your mobile phone. Maybe you can show it. It also has the those two distinct uh Mm bit like this. Uh it's uh Yeah yeah. That uh Yeah. Maybe a nice touch, yeah. I think I'm going to buy it. That's a bit too much, but No, no no no, but I think uh this looks uh pretty nice actually. Of course, because it's my design but No our d our design, alright. But don't erase my cat. I want to preserve it. What are you doing chief? Yeah until the until the beep goes. But I don't uh Do we have to stay here, or I think we have to return first. The high powers from above will have to tell us, yeah. Yeah, touch-pads, yeah. We can uh do a touch-pad on our remote. No just kidding. Well we have uh b you have to have a bit of humour in the in the discussions too, because it becomes too too too too stressy. But uh th youth doesn't care about functio functionality, so Yeah. Bless you. Mm. Too much? Well they uh I think that's good. We all had uh our talk and we agree I guess on uh several thing, on most uh on things. Yeah you have to push harder. Mm. Where's the good old chalk board with the the green board with the, how do you call it, chalk, yeah. Yeah, maybe. Maybe if i if that thing is recalibrated, we can draw a thing quick, and then before it uh goes off again. Maybe w maybe we maybe w m Can we get email here? Huh? Yeah. Guess so. A happy hol happy holidays.
Well something fancy looking can be can be easy to use. Bananas. Yeah. Yeah. Soccer fronts. Mm. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. And it it doesn't have to be strong, also. Only the feel. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. The buttons can be made of an uh a soft material. Because people like that. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. Well um nah the method um we will um include the buttons as we discussed uh earlier. Um an L_C_D_ s screen will be implemented. Um we must decide where, this meeting. Um there are new developments in speech recognition um systems, um and they are already being uh used on uh coffee machines. And um well they're cheap, so we could use them now. Um it's not really speech recognition, it's more um like you can um talk to the chip, uh record the message and record an answer, and then once you uh talk to the remote, then um he will a answer with the the prerecorded message that you left. So if I say hi Mike, and you have recorded uh hi Mike back, then you will get that. No it doesn't does not do anything. But i it's just a Yeah it's it's cheap. No but that's the gadget they want, or the gimmicks. Yes, we we should really uh include that one, I think. Um Well, as I said uh earlier I think the uh L_C_D_ screen should be uh positioned at the lower end of the remote. Um the buttons for screen width and general settings and uh and that kind of stuff um we can also do let that kind of functions um be shown in the L_C_D_ screen, uh instead of uh extra buttons. I think young people and yeah w well every user would like that. Um the buttons um should be positioned uh positioned the same way as they are on a, well, conventional remote, I think. For the learnability and uh well to keep it recognisable. A voice recognition can be uh implemented. And uh I drew an example, but it did not work quite the well uh the way I wanted it to do. Hmm? Well I have the I can draw it again, and I know what I did wrong. I didn't tick the note bo box in the. Um Um with the uh the up and down and and well buttons and the Well I will draw what I had drawn on the screen. Yes. Um I shall draw this. If it uh works. Mm so have I. Nah. Well these little buttons are a bit difficult to uh draw uh correct. Yeah just uh the numbers. These these will be bigger in the the real design. This must be the Okay button used to uh interact with the L_C_D_ screen. And with this you can uh, yes, go to through the menus and that can Um the video button should be uh an apart button, because you want it to uh t, yeah, to use it fast within one uh click. Um it's Hmm? This button can also be the Menu button, we use in the menus Well we we can add another button here, but Yeah. Ah right. Well you you No no, we we we should uh add uh a extra Menu button and this the Okay button. Ah once you have an extra Menu button, you don't need that that extra option. You have uh redundancy. Yeah, if we decide to uh to implement that, maybe we should. Well they that could be anywhere. That's very small. It could be uh down here. Um. Well, not here. I yeah I suggest here. But that's just a little gap. Yeah. Well the speaker and the microphone, I think, are the same uh little hole thingy. Yeah. Well i Um there are a all already being implemented in in coffee machines, so they won't be uh very expensive. But This is my suggested design. Um Yes. And oh I think as you can see so, the L_C_D_ screen does look better uh at the lower end, or at the bottom. But Oh, um I had some uh examples. You can uh But I did not like it very much, but Well these are quite obvious, very ugly remote. Um No, well th Yeah. Well not all. Uh this is for children but th No. W but with the colours i it's a bit the way we're going to. Well this is a terrible Um this looks Yeah. This uh these are the L_C_D_ screens. I think we should, if it's um possible, uh one with colours, but I don't know uh Too expensive? Alright. Well Nah. Ha, even more. N Well Yeah, this is what we've just done. Right? Ah right. Not everything. Yeah but all these examples are uh of a coffee machine. I think we Why don't we um use uh titanium or or a hard, yeah, some kind of metal for the uh the the whole remote except the front. That Just like um most cell phones are. Yeah. Yeah. No but you you have this Yeah. Yeah, you have the re remote in your hand like this. So you feel titanium. Yeah. And I don't know if you can make steel just any way you want it to. Yeah. Well any colour Yeah, then you you paint it in the colour you want it. The plastic is is the colour you want it. So Yeah. Mm. Yeah. Well titanium is neutral. Hmm. Yeah. Well Our customers will use those uh funky uh trendy colours, and they don't use uh wood. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. The electrical cable uh does No we don't use an electrical cable. Yeah inside, but this is for the coffee uh machine. Yeah, but that's not what's meant here, I think. Yeah. Well I got a better one here and I will um The shared folder. I will work this out uh for the uh next meeting. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah that's the whole idea of the front. Yes. But that's for later on. The fronts y you can do anything with them. Yeah, right For the uh initiative uh launch. Mm. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well you can you can give them uh s s three or so, so that they can uh experiment with it and that they want more. Yeah. Red red, blue and green you give them or something, and then you can give them uh other ones. Yeah we should do that. Mm. Yeah, we can do that. But bu we stay we stay here or something? Ah right. And take it to our rooms and uh Ah, specific instructions will be sent to you by your personal coach. Yeah. Um Will we use uh round buttons or square ones for the for the numbers? Yeah I I I also uh thought Yeah. And these uh these s these buttons uh are more uh triangle-ish shaped with a square one in the middle. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Well most of the time uh up and down is programme and left and right are volume, I think. Yeah, it depends, but If you turn up the volume, you always see this thingy go up. Yeah. Yeah alright. Mm. Uh I I'd say only the logo. Too much text and it gets too too busy. Well it's quite a long phrase. Ah the logo should be on the top I think. Right corner, yes. uh the text? Yeah. Uh yeah, at the back? Well you c Well uh Yes. You can The logo can be on on every uh front. Yeah, but then you must uh really uh yeah push it in or something. Yeah, on the backside. Well n n not not on the front side, I think. On the back Yes, you you can, yeah, push that in, so that it is always be there. Yeah. Yeah I think over here the logo. Yes we could No, they have two fronts, that. You you can Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No, you can you can just And then not a straight line but uh some sort of wave or something. This is titanium. And this is uh F front. Yeah. With the with the curved edge. Yeah. Yeah. Tada. Yeah. Ah. Yeah, that's nice finishing touch you need. Yeah, this is the front. This is the My design. Yeah. We'll stay here I guess? Well we can uh erase an animal I guess. Uh the fourth one. Uh the fourth one is empty, isn't it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah I think we have to wait? Maybe. Yeah. Aha. This has no function. We've done too much in the previous meetings. Yes, we've got nothing to do now. Its the best remote ever. Pinball. Yes, but you you get really close to the screen with your hand, and I don't think that's Hmm. We can better uh draw a design on this. Yeah, but we can't. Well We'll stay here? Or we'll get the email. Yeah. Well we'll wait a few seconds and then we'll get an email. Yeah.
Okay. Uh door is closed. Well, let's begin. Because if we have as much time as the last uh meeting, we'll have to hurry up. Um well I'll start with the presentation again, the agenda. Yo. So. Uh This one I think. Uh yeah. Well alright. Um well, I'll show you the notes. It's not as uh interesting as it should be because we just uh had the meeting, but I'll show them. We'll get your presentations again on the conceptual design. Um Then we'll have to dec decide about the control, the remote control concepts. I've put a f uh a file in the project management folder, which says exactly uh what kind of decisions we should take. So this time we exactly know what to decide about. And then we'll close again. Uh Well these are some examples, but we'll talk about them later. We'll first look at your uh presentations. Alright? Walter will uh start again this time? Yo. 'Kay. 'Kay. Less. Well, yeah. L_C_D_ and our uh our fronts. Well, easy to use uh s is a bit uh contradictionary with the first uh Functional is not an issue, and then easy to use. Well we have to choose one of them. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We'll we'll look at uh. 'Kay. So Well Yeah, well Yeah. B Well the the handy thing about our fronts is that we can follow these trends e ev every year. Th this year it's fruits but next year it's it's something totally different. Yes. Yep, alright. Wood is popular. Aha. Yeah yeah yeah. Alright. Nice, uh well show us. Well maybe it it it is, but it doesn't look strong. So maybe But we still have to look at our price of course. Because uh if we want an L_C_D_ uh window etcetera uh Yeah? Yes. Sports uh, they're uh that uh are accessible on on your L_C_D_ uh window uh Huh? That's nice. All the results? Yeah. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Nai. Uh no. It's t terrible. Alright. Hmm? Yeah, alright. Yeah. And it's round. Well you can make th th th that middle ring can you you can make another colour. So uh those kind of things you can you can combine. No, it isn't. Okay. Yes. So, if you ti Well You you Maybe you should have uh some some coloured titanium or something. So it it looks pretty but it feels strong. No titanium. What do you exactly mean with double curved? Double curved? It it mean Yeah, well okay. Well This soft material thing from uh Yeah. Alright. Okay. We will take that. And then uh Mike? Okay. Oh That's interesting. Okay. But you can also say that, when you say something, it does some function. Oh. That's a bit uh Yes. I understand. But it has no functionality for our remote at all. Hmm. So you put a menu in the L_C_D_? Ah. But then we should also have an uh an Okay button. Just uh There is already a blank. Yes? So Yeah. No m Next year that's out. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. And what's the menu button? But how did How do you get out of the menu then? Yeah. Maybe I you could j just do an an exit with Okay. Uh Yes, well but bec because when you push Menu you get in, and then you have to push Okay when you get to a choice. And Well that's also the Okay button. That's you you should have uh Or you can put in the L_C_D_'s uh window an option Get Out. Exit. Well, it's just a choice. Huh? Yeah? Okay. Well, okay, alright. Um then let's have a look at the decisions we are going to have to make. I'd I agree. Fine. Yeah. Yes? Too big. They're all black. Hey, that one I like. No. The remote. Terrible. It's it's all too much buttons. Too many buttons. That's Well, that's too expensive I think. Alright. Yeah. Okay. Huh. Mm no. 'Kay. No, not very strange. It still has t Yes. Th a a kind of bridge. So it f falls over the hand. Yeah? Yeah? Yeah. Well I have at home a remote with a bridge. It's just a half round half half circle at And then it falls exactly over the hand, and that's very nice. That's It feels comfortable. Yeah. Yeah, alright. Um where did I put it? Um conceptual phase, I think this is it. I got this from our friends. So Uh yeah the conceptual design. These are a few examples which we have to decide about. All the the materials from the case, uh the electric cable that's all your uh your side of the story. Um Yeah. Um now from the user interface, your uh package? Um where No well, that's more like the buttons where they have to come. And um B a bit of, yeah well, a bit of uh design. Yes, but we have to decide about these now. And uh the trend-watching. So as you said, fruity is in, well sells good. Wow. Uh these things. Uh yes. Um so if we uh go through them Yeah well uh Why should I uh Yeah. So What what kind of properties should it have? Well we just listened. You know what? Alright. I've uh Titanium back, plastic front. Okay. Um well I am going to put it in here, uh because we can uh look. I Um solid feel and trendy look. So material, um hard plastic for the front? Okay. And well the the electrical cable is just normal uh. It's uh from uh our coffee uh Of course. Well uh all the all the inside work of our remote is uh standard work. So The chip is normal silicon. Uh the buttons are normal, etcetera. Okay? So that's just easy. Uh we decide about that just by looking at our competitors and our earlier uh remotes. The conceptual specification of the user interface? Um well we have our beautiful drawing. Well you can put that in uh into the shared folder, and then I'll put it in our end report. Yes, you can Mm yeah. You can uh put some uh which button is what. Okay. Um the trend-watching included these days. And what do we? We thing that fruit and bright colours are Yes. We can also uh implement um we can also implement fronts from um movies that are very hot. Uh those kind of things. Yeah. Launch different lines at once. We should not give them the m the most lovely front when they buy it for the first time. Yeah. Come on. We still have to make those fifty million, yeah?. The most ugly. Two. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Um well the buttons etcetera, we get from Mike. Uh this fruit and bright colours, yeah well I think we'll have to in the next uh half an hour, we'll have to uh s s specify the different uh types we want to launch, when we uh well introduce our remote. Yes. Yes. Well I'll have to, before I get another warning for five minutes, I'm going to get Where is my mouse? Uh where is my mouse? Oh yeah. Um this is it. Well, um this we have. Uh basic stuff. Interface we have. Supplements, L_C_D_. Maybe a a cheap voice recording. Well Yes. Alright. Individual actions. Industry designer,. User Interface, Mike. You're going to work together on a prototype drawing on the SMARTboard. That's what I got uh to hear. Yes well we'll get it to hear that I think. But I think so. Th they're saying SMARTboard and that's it This is the SMARTboard, so Um so you can uh you you are going to make a prototype, and y Well that's includes uh specifying the buttons etcetera. Yeah. So you'll get it on your em on your laptop. Um well you will go and do something else uh on the project yeah project evaluation. So um, what are you going to do? Uh I don't know what product evaluation exactly means, but uh you'll get uh the specifications. Yeah. That's why I uh But uh How long do we still have? Yeah. Why does Ah f fuck you. Heh? We can't get Ts It doesn't work any more. We can't save them. So we'll just have them uh standing there. No. It's a bit uh bit a pity. Well we still have uh more than five minutes. Um So what are we going to do? I as Project Manager ha don't have a clue. Oh we can uh decide how we implement the feeling from our company into the remote. Also the slogan? On the We put the fashion in electronics. We put the fashion in electronics. On the top. Yeah. Well in in in the right top corner? And well you c On the back, you can put uh h At the bottom, you can put the logo with the Yeah. Just just small. Yeah well Carved into the material. No, you you can carve it into the titanium at the back. Well, management would like it. The front side, no no l no slogan. Sorry. Yes, slogan from company on the back with logo and logo also on the front but not exchange uh Uh? Hmm? Uh when changing fronts. Alright, that's decided. Five minutes left. So a bit of titanium between? That's a bit Oh that that's that's pretty cool. No? Yes. I already have uh all kinds of uh filth between the mobile. Yeah. Round forms. Yep. Yeah. What? So round where? Oh, yeah. Yes, that also sounds uh pretty uh neat. We want it. And it's only f twenty five Euros. Come on. No that's nothing. The Phillips remote uh costs more. Well uh you two are going to work together. You'll get your uh specifications on your uh laptop, and then uh you uh Well I think we can, I just It's Yeah, o Oh Oh, we have a one. So, you can uh draw a Yeah. Well I'll get a I'll get the message. No, I think uh Well you'll Maybe you can uh keep your uh laptop here. Or get your mouse. Because it's little bit uh hard to work with these uh plates. I always have a mouse next to my laptop. I hate these Ugh. And in your remote control. So we put a touch pad on it, and say ha ha. Yeah. We know you'll you'll you'll hate it but But they do want some gadgets. So that's wha what we're doing. Well we won't. Our bosses will be rich. Well, that's not bad, is it? Mm. So Oh. Oh he's totally off again. Well But when I start here, it's here. So is it Nope. Yeah. Let's go. Finish the meeting now. Alright now we know what to do, so Um Message? No, get away. Um I I'm not sure. Maybe you Yeah. Well you'll have to work on this one. Yeah. That's a good idea. Well Good luck.
";"For the conceptual design, the marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks and texture over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote. Materials also need to be strong: the marketing expert suggested an iron-plate or titanium front. The industrial designer suggested they use rubber push buttons (and no scroll wheel), simple battery (instead of solar cells or kinetic dynamo), and advanced chip. Speech recognition can be implemented, but it does not link speech commands to remote control actions. He also advised that the users within the target group prefer primary colours, soft textures and curved shapes. The team drew a provisional prototype. They placed the LCD below the buttons. If it is implemented, a recording button, microphone and speaker need to be included in the design. Finally, they decided to have a titanium case with plastic front and the company logo and slogan engraved. Packages with a variety of changeable fronts will be launched. "
"Uh fourth meeting. Some extra deciding. Well I'll show you the notes again. Very interesting. Well you'll you two will uh present us your prototype. Then um I guess that's your bit? I I didn't s see anything about it, so I already uh thought you uh you were to do that. So the you're uh. I'll show you how we're going to do with financing this uh design. And then we'll evaluate, after after we have redesigned it. Because uh well we'll see about the costs. Um we'll uh evaluate our p our uh production and then uh we can close. Well the finance uh we'll do later, so um firstly uh I'll show you the notes. I don't think it's very interesting. Oh nei. Uh no. Alright. This is copy paste. So Of course. You had some very strange layout. Well um We ge we went through the agenda, and well we had some uh some presentations from you three. And uh I summarised what you said to us. So uh I don't think it's very interesting and go through it again. So uh This is what we decided. It's also copy paste from what we made together. So we still know that. And then uh we can we can uh use the time better. Well uh next you two will uh present uh the pot prototype for us. Yeah. Correct. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah, alright. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Mm-hmm. Alright. So 'Kay. Well if I look at it, the side the side view Oh yeah alright. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. W Well I see, but Well. Yeah I see it. Yes. When I look at uh when I look at this side view, I think w when I have that in my hand, it's terrible. If if you look if if this this is thick, and this is thin, th th then it that it lies over your hands. But Well what what what I what I agree is that when uh when um you have such of uh an arc in the middle, so that the the a the ends and the fronts is a bit thicker, so th then it falls over your hands. And how large is it? Well uh Well the sides I haven't seen yet, uh? They the the the the the side view, we didn't uh Yeah. No no no. Yep. Okay. Yeah well uh I think uh if you t if you three uh agree then then that's it. Yes. So uh I c I c Well, we'll we we'll do it like this. Alright, if you think that that's the way it should No No, when I I my personal taste is that I want it to fall over my hands with a thick But In the market uh No not totally. For me, I I wouldn't buy it. Let's say it like that. No Yes but Yeah, we don't know, but that's uh that's that's that's more market research. So let it be like this at uh at this moment. Okay? No, I think it's great. Comes to that later. Um you. Uh c You can uh Walter. You can do the evaluation uh criteria on this? That's more useful than just speaking. Yes. Mm-hmm. 'Kay. Yeah, we're we're not quite uh objective about this. To the customers? To potential customers who have to take this questionnaire? Nei. Oh no. I know, I know, I know. But um Well we can go, uh because of the time, uh pretty quick through this. Uh do we find it good-looking? Well we think so. Uh Yeah. Well, one. Well so it's point four. Easy to find t Two. No. I totally agree. We we have to get get on, go through this. No, not false. It's one. Well uh two? Y Well we have to go through it. Yep. Two. Well, no. We didn't implement anything about that. Well six then. Are the functions easy to learn? Well w I we do want we have a l f f less of an And the device R_S_I_ sensitive? Yeah. Ah. Yeah, but just do some We we I th I th I think this is too time consuming. Uh not not towards you, but towards this all. Th this is We you have to put it to the customers. Uh well well a bit, so four. Yes. One. And features included also one. And One. Uh those uh nine uh is the fancy-looking. Uh we still think so. Device fancy feeling. Yeah, cool man. Are there enough technology? Yeah well also we have two. Is the device easy to use? Yes we have not many buttons. Two, three. Are the trends about fruit and vegetables implemented? Well in our covers, in our fronts. So yes, one. Is the material attractive? Oh okay. Okay. Is the material attractive? Well the titanium is strong, and uh the rest f uh the buttons feel soft. So I would say at least two. Okay. Well Yeah. Yes, but we we have to design much more, because there was some irritating account manager coming to me. Um Oh. Uh Yes. Well, look at the costs at this point. I had to fit it in. I twelve and a half. So Well what costs a lot? The sample spea costs four. The sample speaker, the s sensor. Kick it out. We have to go to twelve and a half. The speaker costs far, by far the most. It it isn't worth it. We could make two different versions, one with and one without. But for this So, zero. Then we go to fourteen point six. Well the titanium I don't want to lose actually. L_C_ three? Yeah hand dynamo? Y t come on, w a remote control has a battery. Well be for the L_C_D_ uh you had said. Well what what's the difference between simple and regular? What's the difference between a simple and a regular chip? And simple? Nothing. Well? Your part. What happens if we do How much do we win? One. Yeah. Well, we could say, well this special colour, that isn't that that isn't there, because the the fronts they will buy it. The special colour. Yeah, then you s then you only have one half left. Uh yeah. Yeah. Yeah? No, the advanced chip is needed to have an L_C_D_ display. Says, his Uh that was in the second meeting, I think. Well I I did single curve to Well you said s double curved, uh he, because uh I thought it's a b a bit cheaper already. We can also make it flat. But Curved? Yes, that's curved. Yes. No, it's one curve. One curve, simple. We have a big financial problem. Well, then we have two dollars less profit. Come on, if we if we if we make this fifty million, they won't hesitate to uh congratulate us, so uh By the way, we also have this one. Oh, costs nothing. That's nice. Plastic is Yes, but I just got it. Who? You want to dump the titanium? And make all plastic, then we ha then we're there. Th then you have a ugly, stupid, l ugly looking, dumb remote that that no-one would buy. No, I don't think so. Yes. And the feel, and th that it is strong, and We still we had to focus to get more people from the younger group, but not lose the one Why can't I I'll put in the report we that we think that fourteen point one is the l m lowest price you can make a remote for that's trendy d these days. I I'll talk to the managers. Titanium, I thi I think this this is this is e really good re remote. But Ah those those account managers, what do th d what do they know? Come on. Riot. Yes, yes. One and a half Euros. Hmm? So? Well, no it's just uh all plastic. Well alright. Huh. Four. So But then we can add the special colour? As we have money over uh left. And we still have money left. What do we want, guys? Yes. Y Oh no. Alright. Safe. So alright. Finance? Well, guys? Guys? We have to dump our titanium, and we'll hate the managers for that, but now we're going to evaluate our project, of uh project, project. Well, satisfaction on for example, are we satisfactory about our creativity? I think it's terrible that we got uh those costs at the last moment. That's really bad. But that that that's that, yeah that's a reason, but also for our creativity. We had um nice design, and then you get the cost, and you had to dump all your creativity. Yeah. Well, alright. Uh leadership next. Uh teamwork? Uh yeah well I think so also. I al I I've uh filled that in in a the questionnaires uh each time, so Well the managers were terrible. So, with their all their useless requirements. But o alright, the teamwork? No they said, oh we won't d uh we won't uh use teletext, uh we won't use the D_V_D_. Alright, teamwork? Well great I think. Uh well what do you, what did you think about the SMARTboard? Well It's also a It's both the SMARTboards. I liked this SMARTboard, but I hated that one. Well it's both a SMARTboard. No. It's both a SMARTboard, but this one is used for a desktop, and that one is used to to draw. Well, wi w which one did you like? That one. Yeah. Yes. Th that is so. We're now talking about the SMARTboards. Or install a laptop to a beamer, or have this one standing here in an I I like it. Okay, alright. Yeah. Yeah, it is. So And uh the digi the digital pen? Did uh did you like that one? I used it uh just to check it out, but uh You you can't send that to anyone, because you you've scrabbled something on a page for yourself, and then you're going to send it, yeah. Well, no. It's, no, it it's useless. Yes. For drawings, yes. But But for notes, it i you you have to put that in a strict Uh you have to put a name, standard date, and all those things. And notes uh for a meeting are very strict. So if you uh were to write them down for yourself, and then put that in your computer, you still have to type it over to Word. So it doesn't d doesn't have any Yep. Alright. Um etcetera? Well uh the laptops? Of course great. Yeah. You can. B by my Yeah. Other uh things we used here? I hated the cameras, I hated the microphones. But No No. No. I haven't looked w one time directly at the camera. I don't care about it. Well w why not? Uh etcetera We N new ideas found? What kind of ideas for n a future schedule What? For future um meetings you have got? Chatting and emailing. Well, new ideas found by this. Not. Nothing. We don't want this. We hate this. Digital pen is useless. So Yeah, for drawings. But uh two t But uh th then you have to have a lot of drawings, because if I had a company and I'm going to uh buy those expensive huge expensive uh things, I and I have to w pay those uh papers uh that are expensive, I'm not going to uh Well th then still they they they should have a a nice graphics programme on the laptop. Because this is huge uh this v very very uh expensive paper. Yeah. Well no. I hated to draw like that. You you can't draw anything uh neat. I if it if it would be perfect following. Well th th then still it's it's it's very expensive uh towards a a just a green uh school board. Yep. Yeah yeah. Yep. Yeah. Well, they are now. It is. So, congratulations crew. Se Finally my beer. Well, that's it I think. Um I don't know how long we still have. I dunno how long uh we had for this last meeting. But uh Well yeah, it is a bit uh Well we still have to make the end report and uh all those things. I have to do that. I Di did you um save this one in the folder? Can you do that? I don't know what you have to do. Yeah. Oh it worked. Two times quick. Cool. This is nice. Uh D design. S Oh. He saved them all ten. Well alright. Um Yeah. Well Where is this? I also think so. She already knows. She? Big brother. Our manager. Yeah. I don't think so. Alright. We put the fashion in electronics, but we couldn't because of the costs. That that's the title of our uh end document. We couldn't put the fashion into the electronics. Yeah, that's a nice title. Oh. Well I'm going to resign after this project anyway, so
We have to do what? Oh. Mm. Bit late. I think it is. Alright. No you go and I'll uh supplement you. Yeah. Yeah, it's a double R_, but It's a double R_. But it's very difficult to to draw that in Yeah. Oval yeah. Channel up and volume? Yeah. Menu for the L_C_D_ screen. Well, at the back Yeah. No the back. With the logo and our uh l uh No I don't think And the And about the side view um This the front won't be as thick, but again th the the drawing technique makes it very difficult to to really uh Well, it won't be visible. Mm? Yeah. If y If you handle a remote, you you usually don't have your hand straight like this. You you have it a bit uh Yeah. Yeah. Well, they lay there all the time. Yeah yeah. Yeah you you don't you don't grab it, you you Yeah. Hmm. That way, it it falls into your hand. I think. No but but Well f for as far as I can see, three of us agree and only Nils But you're the Project Manager, you can make the hard decisions. Yeah? Mm. But what about the redesigning? Okay. Hmm. Mm. Well we designed it to be good-looking. Hmm. Yeah. We designed it to be good-looking, so Hmm. I think we shouldn't discuss any points points that long, because I don't know how how many points there are but uh Yeah. Yeah. Um, no it's uh With two huge buttons. Well it's easier to find than a a normal black one or something, because of the colour. But We have so few functions, so Yeah. Well, I should I think two, because the voice recorder is n not self learning. Yeah. Yeah. The Two two. T Yeah. One or two, another two. Well three. Mm. Yeah. This is the last meeting? Yeah. Yeah. The what? Oh. Um Well well why why why should we use a advanced chip? Yeah? Can't we do that with a regular chip? Why not? Yeah. Regular is normal. Simple. Elementary. We we we Why? We have very little options furthermore, for the Uh well we have to put that in. Nah. Yeah, you must change the chip uh back. You must change the chip back, Nils. Hmm. No we oh You you we have an advanced chip-on-print, and we have an L_C_ display. I think that's a bit double. Y we don't need both. Says. I?? One curve. Well we make it more expensive to buy. Yeah or we could replace it Why why don't we replace the titanium with uh plastic coloured titanium, uh titanium-coloured plastic? Yeah well if we uh we we have to get cheaper. But then we we've got to uh run through the eval evaluation process again. Ah no no. It's not ugly looking. The looks remain the same. Well, I do think so. feel. Yeah alright but then we we won't get there. We can dump the special colour. We l we use plastic. And plastic is already in colour I think. No, nothing. Amen. Yeah. Yeah. But No no no no. W Titanium stays there. Well No because we did not know anything about it. Yeah, but then we've got money left. Yeah. Yeah. W Well I think uh the case is double curved then. Because you y have that curve and you have that curve. Yeah well uh Well y we have curves in all directions. I mean, this this ain't titanium, but it looks like it. Pro project. Yeah. Yeah. And uh unrealistic. Well we we we used our creativity, but we just had to adapt it to the costs. Nei. Uh no. Terrible. Leadership? Well Yeah. Yeah. Right yeah. No, that's a SMARTboard, and that's a digital pen. Or not? Oh they're both SMARTboards. Yeah. But I I think this is meant by the digital pen. Yeah. Well we we used that one, and we needed it. I think. Yeah alright, but Yeah I like that one, but that one is terrible. Well I I drew this. Mm. And I made a mistake. But it it would have been uh useful, if I I could show this on the screen. Yeah for drawings. N notes mm. Mm. Yeah. But then uh it's really useful, I think. Yeah. Hmm. Thanks Project Manager. Well I did. Well I missed uh the option to uh to email, yeah. Email or chat or something. Yeah alright, but that's one n new idea. Yeah. No it isn't. Yeah. So it isn't useless. Yeah. Well you you can't you can't draw on a laptop like you like you paint of or draw with your hand. With the mouse it is No. Uh indeed. Yeah, but but then you can uh save it in instantly, and and and re-use it, and uh Hmm. Hmm. Celebration. Yeah, we can go to the bar and uh with our newly earned money. Yeah. Oh. No. No no no no. But Nils you've got some work left. I have to go to a physiotherapy. Wow. Yeah. It is handy. Well they they wanted everything we produced, so My big bird. I think you have we have to make clear to her that we are ready. Close your laptop. So she can see we're ready. Yeah. Let's take this remote into uh production. She's on the move.
Yeah. Okay. Mm right. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. It depends on the size. If it's kinda small, this is is great. But if it's it's larger, then you want to grab it. Yeah, that's the question. Yeah, I agree with the L_C_D_ screen. You have it in your palm like this, and you can watch uh watch the screen. And if you have it li in the middle, your hand might be over it. Like you're holding your telephone. Because if you have a screen on it, you wanna look at your screen. Yeah, I agree on this. No, I don't think so. That's not uh the point And you might be uh You might be target customer. Yeah. Alright. Great. Well, this is just a short intro. I'm going to do uh the ev evaluation. That's gonna be done at the end of seven point skill criteria. So I made a I made a few questions on the hand of uh uh the impor most important requirements and trends. And we have to look if our uh if our device uh is working correctly. Well, I put some questions in a Word file. See if I can find them. Uh uh uh uh mm. Well I uh think you have all seen uh this kind of evaluation, so uh I don't have to explain it. Uh the first question is, uh is the device good-looking? Because normal p uh most people thought that um earlier devices were ugly ugly. Seventy five percent of them. So what do we think? Yeah No, I know, but I have to uh evaluate it. So I have to take this questionnaire. Yeah Yeah, but I can't can s Yeah, but uh, you know We dis we di we designed it to be perfect. So But we have to be critic critical about it. And I have to uh take all these points and get a average at the end. So we we know where we stand. 'Cause th there are some things we might have uh bi might have forgotten. Right, so Right. Uh is it good-looking? The titanium might be uh f for older people. It you put uh put a black front on it or something. Right. Right. Right, a number please. So the last one is seven. Easy to change channels? Oh, sorry. Yeah, right. Change channels? Right. The power, channel and volume buttons are easy accessible? Two? Alright. The uh device is easy to find if you lose it? Yeah. Six? Right. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. Alright. Two? Yeah Yeah, I agree. No. Yeah. Right, R_ R_S_I_ sensitive? R_S_I_ sensitive? Four. Um Yeah. Right. Yeah, that's great. Well, with the uh Three. Nah f four I think. If you look at this No. Three, alright. Yeah, that's true. But Right. The average will uh come later. It has to go to twelve, right? Twelve and a half. Out. That's easy. Kick it out. Yeah. The speaker. That's some wrong info, man. No. It's uh It's just extra. Kick it out. What more? Batteries are uh quite Uh no, no no no. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah, we need to have the the L_C_D_ screen. No Yeah, but No, that's n It's not relevant. Yeah. No, Then the whole concept is uh You You can make you can make it cheaper. But if you don't sell No no no no. If if you make people brand-aware, they are willing to pay more. But Because we we use a brand at the front and uh I dun at the back. If you have uh lots of uh marketing people might buy. If you if you make it cool to have Oh, that's just great. Oh, alright. That is pretty stupid. Y Yeah, I agree. I don't think you should dump the L_C_D_ screen. Or you shou It's Or change the titanium or dump the L_C_D_ screen. But I think you could better change uh titanium to hard a hard kind of plastic looking like titanium than lose the L_C_D_ screen. Because you have lots of functions in it too. Yeah, I agree. Osl If you don't have the money, you can't make it. So s If you don't have the money, you can't make it. So this is too expensive. So we have to make it cheaper. Right. It's just free, man. Yeah right. I want chrome. Well, th that that is the problem. Yeah. Shoot. Yeah. Yeah, me too. Right. Leadership. Well it's It was very democratic. Yeah yeah. Well Yeah, think so too. Yeah, I don't like it. Yeah? This this this isn't a SMARTboard, right? Yeah right. B but you This is just a large t large television. You u you use the Yeah, but you ca This is just a beamer function. And here, on this one, you can uh draw the pictures and things like that. But That one. That one isn't accurate. It just doesn't work. You can Yeah, but I think there's a big distinction between the these th I don't need a SMARTboard. Yeah, but give me a beamer. That's uh that's much uh much cheaper. Right. Yeah. I agree. No. Yeah. Yeah. It isn't practical. Right. Your notepad. Yeah. Yeah, it might be useful for drawings. I I agree on that. Yeah, right. That Stefan use. No, I don't think so. It's it's only useful if you have to draw something. Yeah. Yeah, great. Yeah. Wireless uh wireless things. Well these chairs, man. Really great. Communicate in between. Yeah, right. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. Well, more more information in the beginning. That's For people who uh sketch th the whole day, I can imagine that it's useful. Well Yeah, I agree. Mouse is ju just isn't working if you're sketching. Yeah, but he's saying if it is correct, and you can draw very, yeah, very precise Yeah, mu It saves time. Celebration. Well Yeah. You better get started. Huh. Oh, alright. Oh great, man. I'm gonna buy one buy one for my bedroom. Maybe you are broken. You know. I think she's listening. I feel watched. Yeah. Do that. Yeah. Very catching. I'm sure management would like that. Oh, that's just great.
W what? Alri alright. We'll see. Yeah. Yeah, that's important too. Yeah. Alright. From me of course, yeah. Well from us all, yeah, from all of us. Yeah. It's a nice chorus, yeah. Repeat it yeah. Alright. Alright, we both uh will? Or one of us will? Uh Alright. If I make mistakes uh you'll uh Right. Uh well this is our design. Uh it's pretty uh much uh like uh Mike draw uh drew uh the in the during the last meeting. With uh the different uh perspectives of it. Uh we'll begin uh with the front. We have of course uh the the round shape uh the round uh basic shape. Um with uh the upper part being the front. Th So there's this part um which is made of hard plastic, the front. And uh we're we're using different colours. Of course for the launch we use the basic ugly colours, and later we'll put out uh more interesting covers with different patterns and pictures and everything. But basically, different colours, bright colours not black, too dark. Fancy colours. Um then we have uh the lower part of the of the device. Uh which is of course um part of the back actually, because it's also titanium. You can see it also on the on the on the side view, that only this part is the front, and the rest of it, the under uh the under side uh of it, yeah, the back side and the lower part of the front is of course titanium made of titanium, and has the titanium colour of course, the look. Um then we have uh on back on the front uh the logo in the upper corner, uh which is uh made uh which is also part of the back, part of the titanium uh titanium part. Yeah? It's a double R_. Yeah the logo Uh uh it's difficult to draw so small, but it's our double R_ uh logo is in there. Um so that's the logo in the upper lef uh right corner. Then we have the buttons. Uh it's difficult to draw again the little oval or round I think oval will be better for the for the d for the different uh channel buttons. So uh oval, n those are here. And then we have the m The m Yeah the the con the the the, yeah, the t volume and the channel controls uh in the middle here. Um um with kind of arrow shapes, which makes it also a bit more exciting than basic round or um uh uh square buttons. And also here are the two uh buttons we agreed on. We have the Okay button. Oh nei we uh the Okay button's here in the middle of the of the operators, of the channel and uh volume um changers. And then we've here the Menu button and the And the video button. The Yeah. And of course this low part, this is the L_C_D_ screen. Uh this is what we made of it. You can make uh suggestions uh if you want. Maybe we maybe we should finish first uh our talk and then you can add suggestions. Maybe I I don't want to I don't want to suppress you but n I'll uh finish this uh quick. Um okay I've had everything I guess on the front? Yeah the back. Yeah. We thought about Yeah, uh the back is of course totally titanium. And we thought about the logo big in the middle. Just so again the double R_. We have then the logo on front and on the back. Maybe that's too much but you have to say uh say that if you think that way. And the company slogan, we thought in a kind of arc shape uh above the logo. That's basically what we were thinking about, and Oh and uh before I forget. Yeah the the voice, of course, the voice recorder is uh at the bottom. And you can record it uh using, yeah, the the the back of the f w device. Why? Well it fits uh it it it it fits the hand, mean uh the the the the In the middle in the That's the question. Uh well Yeah. H What do you suggest I mean we do? This was Mike's prototype, and y you seemed to agreed on it. But now you have a totally different. The size? Yeah well the size doesn't really matter w I mean Side? Uh oh the side? W we we he drew the s the side, but you d you weren't paying attention as usual. Well any case, we'll discuss it now. Uh I think uh this is a pretty good uh good idea. But you you hold it like this. You're not holding it like this or something. You, yeah, y How do you call it? Yeah. Well y y y you don't have it like this. You have it more like this. You you you're using buttons this way, or if you're right-handed, this way. So you Yeah. So Yeah well And maybe you can you can grab it a bit higher, so Well Well the the Well that's a reason to to to put the L_C_D_ screen uh of course on the upper side, but If necessary. But uh are d Can you live with it? Uh Y Yeah, y y y y you said it was totally uh unusable. But do you But d you don't think this is completely unusable I guess. I think. Not totally, well Yeah but of course y you are also human. We have to take uh every everyone into account. So Yeah. Well uh who who else thinks like you? We don't know. Maybe a thousand people, or a million people. Let it be. Alright. So that's that. Uh any other suggestions? You're very personal again. Well d we designed it, so of course we are very Yeah. So and we ha we have answer now? Yeah. I Yeah, I think it Well l well let's start with the beginning, just one by one. Well, I guess uh I think uh it's uh it's it's um pointed towards the youth of course, uh if you look at the design and and the colours and everything. That was our target audience of course. But it's also not completely um uh u unacceptable for older people I guess. Uh it's it's not f a device that Yeah, that's that's uh for older people, it's it's more that classical look. So Uh no. I think Yeah they like black of course, but I think they'll uh they they think uh the the titanium look of it is also Uh I think it's also good for them, so I think we both uh have uh consider considered uh the youth and also a bit older people. So I think it's very good-looking and not only for youth uh young people. Yeah, the fourteen yeah. Is it easy to t change channels? Yeah well I think so. I think it's uh as easy as uh can be made. Uh So I Yeah. You How can you make it any easier? Yeah, huge is a Yeah. D we d we don't we don't have uh that s Yeah. Well we don't have the device that beeps uh when you lost it or so, but um um Yeah. Yeah. Mm? Are we take too much time? Yeah, very much. One. Yeah. And I think fancy-feeling too, because of the titanium back. Yeah. So well maybe two because of the voice recorder. F Yeah. One or two. Yeah. Four? Well, it doesn't really resemble any fruit, uh that's true. But but we have the the the the the sparkly fruity colours of course. And you can also have front with uh with fruit on it. I knew things uh were going uh too smoothly. There had to be some kind of trouble along the way. My god. The what? The Yeah w tha that's uh that's a bit an optional option. No. No, d th No. Yeah. No. N Uh well we have a bit of a problem I think. Because uh the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. No. Because uh that uh y because my information says it. Huh? Uh well yeah I I read something about it, but Yeah, I I read something about it, but it wasn't very clear. I d I didn't in include it in my report. Single Well you have to use a chip. So Well you have to use the advanced chip, if you have the L_C_D_ screen. But if you have a regular chip, you can't have the L_C_D_ screen. That that's a fact. Uh Yeah, but it's only one half. Uh it d it doesn't But we d Then we have to lose the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, I know but that's what my information says. I di I didn't uh put uh the advanced chip in there for fun. You have to use it. For the L_C_D_ screen. Yeah. Yeah. Well uh and what do they mean with curves uh again? Because we you have uncurved Yeah. Well But what what did what do n Sorry, but What do they mean with the curves? Is th Is this a curve? One curve? Yeah, this is actually two curves, yeah. It's how you It's how you look at it. Well then we have a huge problem I think. W t we can never get uh below the twelve and a half. But uh I Hey but uh I think you'll agree that uh that we that now we have this uh screen, it's it's very uh not practical to ha to consider this after we have designed the entire thing. Well that's pretty uh l N not very practical. Well But I'm n I don't agree. I think I think the titanium just uh provided the the tough look and the and the And also the the older people will like it because of that. And because i Alright it's not our target audience, but it's it's useful if it's uh important for old people. Yeah. I think the titanium is very important. Yeah we have a problem, yeah. W But you can better, yeah, dump the L_C_D_ screen then. Well what else? W I mean uh Yeah. Yeah, well yeah. Alright. I agree with that. So we u we use uh Unfortunately. Um. Titanium-coloured plastic. So titanium-coloured plastic for the back. Yeah this is good, but it it's not good enough. So we have to use the ditch the titanium, I'm afraid. What do we Well what do we know? All we want is a is a fancy design but we don't really consider the costs. So Yeah al alright, yeah. But we have to deal with it now. So So Titanium gone and add plastic. And on plastic times two and then we uh are there? No No yeah well Oh six. A lot of plastic, yeah. No two for the to make it clear. I want gold plating. No no um We have we have to uh fill W we ha No no no, but th that's not f um Well you can you can double curve, if you don't have titanium. And that we dropped, so it it can be done. But it's pretty funny. We we do want to reach twelve point five. But it isn't bad to to to stay at eleven. We get more salary, if we make if cheaper than twelve uh twelve and a half. Objection. Well I can't get no satisfaction, but uh I think it's uh Well in in if we consider the costs then this is the best, yeah. Its it's uh ridiculous actually, but Which isn't very practical, but that's the way. Uh-huh. Well uh they they didn't think of the requirements. It's the requirements of the user, uh I guess. Yeah. Yeah but they base that on on the user specifications. It was a complete disaster. No Uh it it it uh it is uh No it's other way around. That's the SMARTboard. That's the digital panel. That's that's the smart A televi Yeah. Yeah. Left or right? Well I didn't use uh Nei It it's much m But uh you can uh I I sent it about three times now. Uh a green uh board with uh chalk is much more useful than that thing. The simple uh sch school board. I I didn't use it. I wrote things down but I didn't import it into my laptop. That's the W But also y you write things down. And i you can also bring your your your note block. So what's the what's the th what's the point of importing it into Yeah alright. For drawings, but not for personal notes. I think that's not very Uh I mean you can bring your paperwork along and p Well of course if you have a lot of paper If you've If you've Yeah I understand. But I think uh d this option is only useful if you've got a lot of paperwork. You can't It's not very uh ni Yeah well a lot of documents are Yeah. Mu Yeah right. Can we keep them? Uh. Well did you really uh Did you really take uh take those in account? I half of time I didn't notice they were there. So But we shouldn't talk about that. Because this is a realistic environment. Right. Okay. But yeah. W well th that's just the the environment they set us up f with. So Well, for drawing for drawings. Yeah. Well No But it's still an expensive uh expensive But if w Yeah. Well and if And but what if uh maybe this this board uh SMARTboard is malfunctioning or someone. But suppose it was working correctly, what uh would it be useful then, if it wasn't off all the time? A Really? Anything you want. Any b b Yeah. L li li Yeah. Well it isn't, but maybe that thing is uh is Yeah, board, a school board, yeah. Yeah. I it has It is useful. Yeah. This uh if it works correct, maybe this thing this thing is just malfunctioning. So uh if we get in uh if we get another one and you make sure it does work, I think then it's pretty useful. Because uh yeah you can draw t things quickly and uh clearly for anyone uh in the discussion room. And then you can save it immediately. Did you type that? Maybe till four o'clock or something? Well dunno. Yeah. No we must save this thing, yeah. In the shared map map. Map, is it a good word? The folder, yeah. So it is useful, yeah. No but uh Radical. Yeah. Do you believe it yourself? They also want to see my cat and his rabbit, and uh Your big beautiful bird. Maybe the pen is just uh uh broken and the board isn't. Of or the other way around uh Yeah I think so too. Who is she you're talking about? Oh you mean our uh coach, our f personal coach. Is she also our accountant? Is she responsible for sending that information so late? Oh. Because then we have to confront her with our Yeah. That that's our new slogan. Yeah, I like that. Blame our accountants. But we couldn't, yeah. Well I th Yeah.
";"The ID and UI presented the drawing of a prototype. It is rounded, with the front made of hard plastic in different colours. The back, as well as the lower part of the front are made of titanium. The back has the logo and slogan of the company engraved in its middle. The buttons include oval digit buttons, arrow-shaped channel and volume controls in the middle; below those, is the menu (for the LCD) and the video button. The LCD can be found at the lower section of the device. After the presentation, the product was evaluated. This was done on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad) on fancifulness, ease of use, finding the device when it is lost, hi-tech features, incorporation of fashion trends, and ergonomic design. Because it was over budget, titanium was replaced by plastic and the speech recognition was discarded. They thought it would have been more sensible to have the component costs before the prototype design. Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (generally satisfied), leadership (the process was democratic, not happy with management), teamwork (happy with it), and means (SMARTboard was 'a disaster' and the digital pens only good for drawings). "
"Yep. Okay. Oh. Well we will try. Where it going? Hmm. Uh Mm. So Now save? Now uh blank? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm not getting anything uh on my screen now. Okay. Wow. Oh. Nice. Uh at home we have a T_V_, a video uh recorder, a D_V_D_ player, and a satellite receiver. We have uh four distinctive remote controls for that. That's not really ea easy. So it would be nice if we have one for all. And we also had a remote control for our radio set. But um i it it had a lot of buttons on it, and you didn't know which one was what. And it was uh uh v not easy to use. So we n barely used it. Yeah. Yeah I think it uh from a marketing point of view, it also has to look nice. Or you won't sell it. And um yeah uh on our website we can see what products we already have. And it should work with as many uh as possible of them. Yes. Okay.
Nice. An elephant. 'Kay... pop-ups. What is this, Pictionary. Uh a bird. Bird. Yeah. Whoo. Oh not. Oh. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No problem. Shit happens. A parrot. Ish. He did it before. Oh. Thank you. Uh I will start. Uh Big one, they are uh not easy to use. Um I have one set and uh a remote control, when I dropped it, uh it broke. So that won't be uh our goal, I think. And uh g big buttons, m uh that's easier to use than uh I think. Not all the small buttons, you don't know Big buttons, positive. All all small buttons like when you have uh like a hundred buttons on your remote control, you won't know what they're working for. Thank you. Help also. Thank you. The weight. Not not too heavy. Not much buttons. Bust-free. That when you drop it, it won't break. Like uh some kind of rubber on it. Or hard uh hard plastic. Uh buttons not too small. Uh something like when you uh lose your uh remote control, sometimes it happen. Uh it between the couch and you can't find it. When you push a but a button on the T_V_, then you hear some uh some sort of bleep. And then you uh, hey there there's remote control. Next. I have one more idea. Just popped up. Uh it it won't take a lot of batteries. So you don't won't have to change the batteries uh once a week or uh once every two weeks. Okay. Thank you.
Hmm. That's uh strange. Yeah. Okay. Let's try this. Uh Um. Mm-hmm. Mm. Uh No, no. Yeah. Okay. Uh blank. No. Uh well I think the the the goal of a remote control is that it's it it has an influence on the T_V_ set. And that it controls the channels and the the volume. And uh I I I think it's positive if there's a a LED uh uh a LED on the corner of the of the remote. So that you know it s it still has batteries on it in it. And that if you push the button the LED uh gives a light, and uh and you see that it's working. And uh yeah. Uh Yeah, but No no no. But I my my experience is that it it it's convenient to have that. Yeah. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah well that's that are good ideas. Uh Yeah well the LED on the corner, that that indicates that it's working. If you push a button. Um Yeah. And looking on the budget, not too expensive uh material. So probably plastic or something. Uh Mm no. Yes.
So welcome. The first kick-off meeting. What shall we do? First the opening, then the rest. What are we going to do. We m have to make a new remote control. It has to be original, trendy and user-friendly. So we will get back th on that. First we have to make a functional design. After that we have to make a conceptual design, and then after that a detailed design. So we'll discuss that later. First we have a look at. So first to we have to make a small painting. What have do we have to do. First you can save the documents. We have to do that every time we make something. You can print it. No. And we have to use the pen and the eraser. So Now. We all have to use this one. You have to make your own favourite animal. So I'll make an example. First don't touch that things. You can use the pen. And then you can make um something. Um you can change some things. Um format, line, and change it. And you can change the colour. So that's it. So So and after it you have to save it. Now we can make a new one. You have to paint now. So you're next. What is going on? What are you What?. Um Is a It is a It is a A duck. Yes. Hmm. Blank, yes. Okay next one. Oh. Very good. Okay. Very good. So um you can always go back. So That's it. So that was two. Now next. The budget. The b Uh we will sell the t at twenty five Euros. And we have only twenty of twelve and a half Euro to make it. So now we have to think about what we will make. First I wanna hear from you. Uh what are your experiences with remote controls. So F first. Is this positive or negative, that uh big buttons? Positive. Okay. What are your experiences? Mm. So and do they always have that? It's easy to you. Okay. 'Kay. Okay so they have too much. So next. For our own remote control we have to think how do we make it. So what ideas do you have for it, for the new remote control? What what does it have to have? Not too heavy. Yes. Yeah. Yes. Like a phone. Okay. So, that's. Okay. Yes. Okay. This is It has to be compatible with other things. Okay. Yes? No battery use. So more ideas? No okay. It's only the first ideas. So uh what are we going to do now is Next meeting is in half an h hour. Uh Okay. Next meeting, half an hour. Um, what you have to do. Well look on your. And Next instructions you'll get in your email. So This is the first meeting. See you later in half an hour.
";For the first meeting, the task of designing a remote control was briefly introduced along with the plan for the subsequent meetings. The group then drew animals to practise using the drawing platform. They discussed their likes and dislikes regarding current remote controls, including ease of use, multiple systems and power indicators. They then offered suggestions as to what they would like from their remote. They would like the remote to be durable, for it to include a device to help find it when lost and not use too many batteries. 
"Okay. So welcome back. What do do we have to do? So first. I want to say I'm the secretary, so I make the minutes. You find them in your in the map in the From the group. There's the minutes from the first meeting. You'll find the next minutes also there. Then I wanna hear from you, what you've done. And after that I have some new product requirements. So And after that we have to make decisions, what we will do. And then we're ready. We have forty minutes for this meeting. After that we'll have lunch. So first I wanna ask the Industrial Designer to tell what he did. So Yeah on your computer, or the What's the name? What's the name of it? It's the technical function or the functional requirements. Working design. Working design. What is this? Product documents. On the desktop. Up. up. Up. Up. Up. Yes. My Documents. Nope. Gone. Well you Um Nah. Nah, nah, nah. PowerPoint. Working design. And Presentation of working design. Save as. Uh it's Project. Save. Very good. Okay. So Now have ten minutes to tell it. Okay. Oh oh. Two questions. The battery. You say one battery is cheaper. Why? Yeah but when you use two, you can use it two times longer. Okay so it's the size of the remote control. Okay and the buttons. When you use it on the television, you've you need the television, wh which can use it. S Okay. I think we have to use it also on other televisions though. So Yeah but I don't I think it They are two different things though. We have to choose one. It has to work on o uh all televisions. Okay. Yeah. Good idea. Mm-hmm. Yeah but there are much more Nokia telephones than um these ones. Yeah but are their profits bigger than their cost? Yeah but there are also design cost. I don't think When you have a remote control, do you change the cover? Would you change the cover? No. N yeah but I think that too less people would change it for good profit. So Yes it is but I don't think we have to do it. Okay. That's clear. Okay thank you. So now the User Interface Designer. We'll got back on that later. 'Kay, thank you. Then it's your turn, the marketing expert. Okay thank you. Yes. I think uh the L_C_D_ is cheaper than speech recognition. So I think that can be an d good option. L_C_D_. Yes. Only the L_C_D_. So But we'll come back on that. Now Oh, go on. What d d d um Um Uh we go back on the decisions later. Now we have a few new product requirements. First, teletext. We have internet now so we don't need the teletext anymore. So not necessary. Next. Only for the television. So we don't look at the other things like the radio or something. Only the television. Third. We look at the age group of forty plus. Uh no, younger than forty. Is a g big group, and like you showed, n not very much people buy our stuff. Fourth point. Our corporate colour and slogan must be used. Very important for the design. So you can see it on our site. Next. Um no. We have to make our decisions, what we want to do. So like you said, we need the. Maybe it's good to put it in a document. Now we have to decide what controls do we need. So maybe you can tell us. Sorry? Yes. Yes, it's okay. Yeah but we don't use it. It's a new requirement. So, it's not my requirement. We have to do this. No. So what controls do we need? Who first? Okay. Uh power. Uh mm channel. Channel Zero to nine. Volume. Maybe it's easy to pick. What was w your one? Techno Okay. We had w uh no no no no. Where was that example of the Johan. That was the the the the the technical Hallo. Okay. What do we need? On-off. Zero to nine. Yeah that's the channel. Menu? Uh yes the n newer televisions ha do have menus. Uh M Menu. I think um the only one or two numbers. And Hello? That's ch Yes. On the L_C_D_ screen, you mean? Think it's better to have it on the remote control, 'cause it it has to work on all televisions. So we need N Yes. But if we have this So now we don't have a lot of buttons. Is this enough? Mute. Maybe in the menu? Mute. Mm-hmm. Okay. Maybe more? No. Well. Then that's all. This will be the buttons. And I think that's enough for the next phase. So we can go on to Yes. No that's for the next phase. Um Phase two is the conceptual design. So then we'll have the concepts. That's for the So uh next point. Now we have lunch-break. After that we have t thirty minutes for work. And you can find the minutes in the Project Documents folder inclusive the uh buttons. No. Your individual action, you can find them in the email. So now it's time for lunch. Thanks for coming.
That's my task. Okay. Uh I've Where have I put it? My Documents or not? Hmm. I've save it on my computer, my presentation. But where? Uh uh uh It was about the working of the remote control. Nope. Not a of Wait. The working design. But I've saved it. But now I don't know where it is. Hmm. Yeah. And I import this until One more. What the fuck is this? Yeah that's the empty one. I had one. Uh-huh. Open it. Okay here it is. Project. Okay. A little later but here it is. So okay. It's a little difficult what I'm gonna tell you. It's about the working of the remote control. I just had an half an hour j to study it and I don't get it. Ten minutes to tell it. Okay. I think it will be a few minutes and First uh I will tell you something about the findings, what I discovered about the remote control. The working bout it uh of it. Uh then I'll have uh some kind of map, and it's the top of the remote control. With a little bit of science, uh you I will show that uh in in a few minutes. And then uh what I'll think about it. First, the findings. The remote control is a very difficult uh thing to uh to explain to just all of you wh who haven't seen a remote control uh inside. Uh there's a lot of uh plastic on it, um because its uh not so expensive. And there are uh a lot of uh wires, uh which um connect the components in it, the battery, and there are um switches and things like that. There's a lot of small uh electronics. So it won't be um uh too expensive to build it. Only twelve Euro fifty I think uh we will make it. Now And here I have the top of the remote control. Uh here's some kind of chip. Uh on top of this, there are uh the numbers. Uh you have all on your remote control. And uh the teletext uh button. And uh here's the battery. And when you push the button, it will uh will be sent to the chip. And the chip will um send it to all kind of sub-components. That's what I said, it's very difficult. And after that it will be sent to the infrared. And that will send it to your television. That's a short h uh how it works. Uh I think I can uh make it uh difficult, but we all we all don't get it. My preferences? It's uh it won't be uh We shouldn't make it too big. Uh also for the cost, uh we should only put one battery on it. A long-lasting battery. Uh also for the cost, uh use only plastic. Not other materials. Also because of the cost, uh not too much buttons on it. We can also make uh a button uh with a menu uh button. And then um that that you will see it on the T_V_. And on the T_V_ you can uh switch into the menu. That's I think it's easier. And the bleep signal, y uh you told us. Uh but we can also use it uh a bleep like something, when the battery's empty, then there is a bleep. Then you'll have to change it in a in a week or something. And also the bleep, when what I told you about uh when you lost it, and you push a button, and then you hear bleep bleep, and we will find it. This is uh just uh Yeah. Yeah. If we w if we use only just one uh small pen-light, then it will be cheaper than when we use two. Yeah but then we'll have to make the um remote control uh long lasting. Just Yeah. Yeah. But uh I think this our remote control is for the televisions we uh we sell in our company? Or is it also for other company uh for other televisions? Then this is an option. Maybe just a menu button to use it on our televisions. And then we make it easier uh for our televisions. And on the other tele televisions, you can also use it, but then we won't use the Yeah? Okay. Then I think uh the menu button uh will only work on the newer televisions. And we will uh look forward and don't make a remote control which for the older televisions. And I just uh have one more idea. Uh maybe it's one of your tasks. But Uh, to have a trendy remote control, we can also um make something like the Nokia um mobile phones. To change covers. So if you have uh a trendy half with all red, uh yellow and something. And then you can put a red cover on it. And also different things. Yes. Uh then it won't be uh will have just one cover on the uh original one. And then you can buy the covers. I think it will be a little more difficult, but not too much. Just like with the Nokia uh mobile phones. Just one. Yeah but then we'll have to to just um put five covers on it, and see if it works. If it won't works then we'll get something else. Then we uh won't g uh go further with it. Uh a p a a cover made in uh in China, it it won't be I guess so expensive I think. Maybe. I wi I won't. But maybe I think trendy people or like children where you can paint on it, and uh the the children think, oh this is my remote control, uh I made a picture on it. Uh Yeah. Okay. And the other people? What do you think about it? Okay. Okay. You're the Project Manager. Yes. That's it. 'Kay. Yeah. I have uh one question. If we aim for the younger people, um and there will be uh a lot of features like L_C_D_ or the the the speech uh f recognising, uh the cost will be a lot of h uh a lot higher. Uh I think we don't have that in our budget. Do you think? Like No. No. Uh-huh. 'Kay, we'll just have to do that. Okay. No discussion about it. Okay. Unfortunately. To change to the next channel, just one button. To move up, move down. But then we come to the costs. But now we have only the buttons. And uh we don't yet have to decide what the remote control would look like? Or Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.
. Desktop. Yeah. Okay. Well. Make it. Hmm. Hmm. Will this will this add to the cost? Yes but you have to m uh be able to change it. D does it make it more difficult to design? Not much. 'Kay. Um Mm. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Uh um m Yeah. Um yeah okay. This bit too far. So So I'm uh gonna have a presentation about um the market, about um yeah what people think. Uh we did a usability lab-test with a hundred persons. And we looked at uh several um things. Uh among them design, uh d d how d did they like the use of it, uh what frustrations they had while using remote controls. Uh well what what will be our market. And uh we asked them if we had some new featu features. If um that would be a good idea or not. Well our findings. Uh our users, they disliked the look and feel of current remote controls. Um uh they especially found found them very ugly. And um th they also found them hard to to learn how to use it. Uh well they also zap a lot. So uh zapping uh should be very easy. And uh fifty percent of the users only use ten percent of the buttons. So a lot of unused buttons. There is more findings. Uh on the buttons. Which uh buttons find users uh very important and which which not? And how much would they use them? Well uh the most used button is the channel selection. And uh we asked them how uh relevant they think uh the buttons are. The power, volume and channel selections are very relevant. Uh teletext is uh less relevant but also important. Uh not important they found the audio, uh that's not the volume but uh specific the the pitch, or the left or right. Uh the screen and the brightness. And uh channel settings. Uh th and they also are not used very often. Then we have a few um graphs about the market. Uh here we can see what the market share is of uh several groups. Um as you can see, most users are uh between thirty six and forty five. Um the the the younger group between sixteen and twenty five is not very big. And to come back on the the swapping uh things, uh I don't think uh, I I think the younger will be most interest in it. But uh they are not a very big group. Um in the we asked them, uh how would you like a s a new feature. If you have an L_C_D_ on the remote control, what would you think of it. Now you can clearly see young users say. I will that would very nice. And older user think uh they will be scared of change I think. And they won't like it. And another thing, how would you like to have a speech recognition on it. Well here we see the same. Young users uh think that's an interesting idea. And old users not. Uh well we uh found out that there are two several markets at which we can aim. Uh the first are the younger, the age between sixteen and forty five. Uh they are highly interested in the features, as you can see uh here. And um they are more critical on their money spending. Uh the second group is the older group. Aged between forty six and sixty five. They are less interested in uh new features. But uh they spend their money more easily. Now if we look back at this graph, we can see that among the first group is about um sixty percent. And the second group about forty percent. So the the first group is bigger. Well then I come to my uh personal preferences. Uh yeah the first question is uh also we have to ask is at the which market do we aim at. Uh of course n uh saying we aim at the young group doesn't say that old people won't buy it. But less of them will buy it. Um well I uh Okay. What I thought, um even young people say it's hard to use, remote control. So if you make a remote control that is uh very easy to use, that's especially aimed at this group, even uh the young group will also be more interested. And um we can make special features. But uh I think it looks nice in the first time. But when use it, uh I don't know what's uh good thing of speech recognition. Um well th uh that's my second point. Uh less important functions should be discarded from the remote control. It's about discussion we had earlier. Um You can find most functions on a T_V_ set. So uh you don't have to have a lot of audio options, or screen options to change the brightness. And such things. Um well the design is very important. One thing I did not say I think, is that a lot of users also said then I would uh buy a good looking uh remote control if there will be one. But they found most remote controls very ugly. So the design of our remote control is very important. And uh yeah it should be very zap friendly, as most users use it for that. That were my findings. Yes. No. Okay. Yeah maybe we can first have a discussion uh on the the product requirements you just uh said. The the requirements you just said, maybe we should first have a discussion about that. I uh personally think uh teletext is a good option. Uh not everyone um who is looking T_V_ can go to internet when they want to see the latest news. Okay. Okay sorry. Then uh Mine? It's the functional requirements. D Yeah. Do we make a menu? Uh I think it will be um q quite easy to use, to have uh uh four arrows. Up-down for channel selection, and left-right uh for volume. And uh a menu uh button. And if you press the menu button you get into the menu, and you can use the same buttons. But the then to scroll through the menu and to change the options. Uh well yeah that depends on if you have uh the menu on the T_V_. Or you get the menu on the L_C_D_ screen on the remote control. Yes. 'Kay. But well if you aim at the younger market, um a as they as uh s uh as we seen in the usability uh lab, uh they will buy a nice looking um remote control. And also to find the easy to use uh part very important. So if we have a L_C_D_ sh uh screen, and uh not too many buttons, I think that will incre uh uh even when it's a bit more cost, it will still sell. Mm. Yeah. Okay. Good idea.
Mm-hmm. Mm. Yeah it's a good idea. But If if it Yeah, I don't I'm not sure if it will make profit enough to uh But it's uh yeah it's uh original idea. No. Oh. That's me. Uh Come on.. Ah. Yes well uh uh I shall give a short talk about the the technical function design. Um I thought the the the technical function design was uh to uh for a remote control to to to have some influence on the T_V_ set. Uh both audio and vide video uh in a cordless way. No cords attached. And uh well, it all by pushing a button on the remote. That was from my own experience and uh and uh the previous meeting. Uh I find some uh some interesting quotes on the web. Uh well the same idea here. Uh message to the television. And uh and and and well basic uh operations like on and off, and uh switching channels, and uh and maybe uh teletext or something like that. Uh well these are two uh remotes, and that's our uh our dilemma I think. Uh We just heard from the Industrial Designer how uh difficult it is. But uh shall we make a basic remote control, uh just uh swapping channels and volume and uh power button and well nothing much more. Or uh uh more functions on the remote. Uh maybe more devices you can influence. Uh a radio or a v a video recorder, uh V_C_R_. Yeah well that's our dilemma. Um any ideas about that? Basic or multifunctional? Okay yeah. Yeah well the that was just on my mind. So uh I didn't know what uh what way we would go. Mm yeah well that was my uh functional uh talk. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. No. And I don't uh I don't think twenty five Euros for a remote is really cheap or something. So it's Yeah, it's hard to uh get the younger group. Mm-hmm. Just the L_C_D_? Mm-hmm. Well a power button? Uh the well um I think separate channels. So But then both the the separate channels. So so uh zero to nine or something. Uh volume. Oh mine. Technical. Mm yes. Mute. Um Yeah but then it's always uh more than one uh thing to do.
";The project manager opened the meeting by explaining how to locate his minutes from the previous meeting. The Industrial Designer briefly explained the internal workings of the remote,  and mentioned his preferences for power source and case material. He also suggested mobile phone-like changeable covers, and the group discussed the profit in this. The User Interface Designer very briefly mentioned some features a remote should have and suggested it should be multifunctional. The Marketing Expert present the findings of the usability study. The group then discussed their target group ,and what features they might include to attract them. The manager introduced new requirements to the project, insisting they were to be followed. The group then discussed what buttons they might need, which included menu, numbers, channel and volume changing arrows and mute. 
"Ah, pinball. Huh. Uh, maybe I'll have something in my uh presentation. And you will see it. I'm next, okay. Yes. No. Here we go. Uh, at first we will uh I will f uh say something about what younger people want, our uh group w uh w uh we want to uh sell our remote controls to. And then, I'll discuss what my opinion is about the costs, about uh what battery is in it, what kind of buttons also. First uh, the younger people, they want like soft mat uh materials and primary colours. Like, totally yellow, totally red. Uh, so it's visible. Uh, the shapes are curved and round, like uh you also said. Maybe it's nice to uh get a remote control not like all the other ones, straight and uh flat and long. But to give him the shape of your hand, so you it's easier to use or something like that. But that's just an idea. And then, I'll have to discuss about the costs uh of all the things for the remote control. The battery, there are few options. Uh, I think the best option is to use uh the basic battery. So, everybody can buy it uh at the at the supermarket. Or use uh a k uh kinetic battery like uh within a watch. When you uh shake it a few times, it it's loaded. Uh, the the form of the remote control, I think it's also nice have it curved. And maybe like it's hand-shaped. Uh, so uh you take it here in your hand and here are the buttons. Uh material, you use plastic. Hard plastic uh because uh it won't have to burst uh like in the in one time. And also rubber because the younger people like that, what we see in the research. Uh the push-buttons. We have one new thing uh discovered. It's a scroll push uh thing like a mouse. Maybe it's uh easy to use uh for the channels. When you want to go m move up, you just scroll up and click on the button, if you wanna see the next, uh if you wanna see that channel. And also for the mouse, uh for the volume, it's also uh easy to use. Just scroll a bit up, scroll a bit down. And that's also easy just w when you have a thing like this, and you get it here. You can do it with your thumb. And with your l left hand you can uh push the buttons uh if you push uh channel one, you can see channel one. The electrics um with a scroll push uh button, we must use regular uh chips. There are also uh simple chips. They are uh cheaper. Um, but then we have just a basic uh uh remote control, and I think there are a lot of those uh things, and people won't buy it any more. They have seen enough of it. And you have also advanced um chips. But that's with the L_C_D_ uh screen. And the costs will increase a lot more. And I think our budget is too low to use and an L_C_D_, and the chip who is more expensive. And maybe it's also then uh thoughtful if we u uh use uh as um different kind of uh shapes for the for remote control, that we then use the primary colours. Like, you get a yellow uh remote control, red one, blue one, et cetera. You have any more questions about this? I think the main thing is we look at the costs. And not too basic, not a basic remote control, who everybody already has. Not with an L_C_D_. No. Yeah. But then, what I say, the costs will uh get a lot higher. Th then you'll see it on the television. Yeah but l when you see a menu uh on the television, it's like you see uh one to twenty, you go uh uh s scroll up, and push number tw twenty. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I think the younger people will have newer televisions, which can provide our uh remote control. Yes. But that won't be a problem. I think. No, but then we'll get to the regular uh remote controls. And I think, what I said, everybody has them uh has them already. And they go to a uh supermarket and buy them uh for two Euros. Uh, and ge and get the most cheapest uh thing. And I think we must look further to uh to devel d develop something news. I got it on my screen and it was uh higher. But I don't know uh how much higher. That's true. But then we'll I think we must discuss who uh what will be better. If we have a better shape of the um remote control, or better options on it. With a scroll menu, a w scroll thing, and a L_C_D_. And then a flat um remote control. Or, a more hand-shaped remote control, with scroll, without L_C_D_. I can uh look on my uh Uh Note that the push-button requires a simple chip chip. A scroll wheel requires minimally a regular chip, which is a higher price range. The display requires a advanced chip, which is which in turn is more expensive than the regular chip. Doesn't say. That's from my manufacturing division. Yes? Changing covers. Nope. Uh, uh-uh. How w how we how we make it? Uh Shouldn't we first discuss about like what w we all Yeah, but if I paint with More like something M like Yeah I can't dr I can't draw it. Uh I have to. I'm not a designer. It's more three D_. Like, um when you have a part here. This is the remote control. And then you have something like th this under it. So, it's easier to get it like this. It's like a gun. And it has to be soft, yeah. So, you can squeeze in it and Sorry? Buttons on top of it. And here. The scrolling. You can do it with your thumb. But now we use one scroll button and the other one is here. One till uh uh zero till nine. And the b Yeah? Or two buttons. If uh 'Kay c If we do If we use one, then we'll have just a switch on it, and you'll just switch it, and now it's the sound to switch back with the menu uh button. And then you also can scroll uh scroll in it. Just not like all the other ones, with uh this thing, and uh here an arrow, here an arrow, here an arrow, here an arrow. Because uh, from h hundred uh remote controls, ninety nine have it. Uh, then we have it on the T_V_, the menu. I don't know. It's like some sort of uh teletext option, but we don't have teletext. And if we put an L_C_D_ thing on it, then the costs will uh be much higher. 'Kay. But you all like this kind of thing. Uh With the scroll button. And and this one has to be soft. And this has to be harder, because when it falls, it mu mu must not burst. Or some kind of rubber around it. Yeah. Yeah. Ah that's nice. Here. Trigger. Paint it? With the scroll thing on, like this? So? Draw it. But is it easy to use? When you have it on your left side, and Separate, more separate, h yeah. Yeah. On the left a scroll button, and on the right a scroll button. But would it be easy to use then? If it's like you have a big uh I also think this concept is not what the young people were looking for. They were like round curves, uh different uh Okay, okay, okay. Mm-hmm. Personally, I think two scroll buttons uh aren't easy to handle. With the switch button. No like uh Oh, you mean like that. Uh, then you can also have like uh th um Yeah, and joystick, I think. Yeah like in a laptop, s uh s some sort of thing. A little bit bigger, with easier thi I don't know. Or no scroll uh things. Just a shape. And No, no. It won't work. Yeah. Uh-huh. Or a remote control more like joystick. A small one like this, like a Nintendo uh k Playstation thing. No, no, no. I mean the the shape of the remote control. Just like a Playstation thing. Yeah. No, that's okay, I got Uh they're not uh in details. It's more expensive or less expensive, huh? Then I have to come with it. I got my personal costs. I I don't I don't know the costs. Then I'll uh make something up. Yeah, or the or the kinetic uh with normal battery. Yeah, I think it's uh, yeah, more expensive. Yeah. Okay. Depends on the scroll. If we use a scroll, then we have the uh regular chip. If we don't use a scroll, then we can use the simple chip. And that's Uh the most expensive. Yeah. If we Yeah. If we No okay scroll-wheel. So, I have this. So, it will be uh the advanced chip, or the uh regu uh or the regular chip. Or shall we just put it on the pistol thing? And then just put also on L_C_D_ on it? Just use your thumb. If you Yeah. I use my thumb. Yeah. If you have a joystick on No, if you have like uh an uh uh a ni a uh Playstation uh game controller. And you move up, f forward, down, left. Then you have uh just, yeah, a little bit curved. It's not just uh straight. That's how we use it. That's why they make joysticks like that, I think. Yeah? 'Kay. Here's our designer. Yeah. Yeah, why not. It's for the younger people. It's something new. Now we put uh rubber around it. Hard plastic, uh the shape, and around it hard uh around it rubber. And the uh the hand shape is also rubber. Huh. This is something new. Costs are okay. Oh, that's us together. Yes. 'Kay. Bye bye.
Mm. Ah. Hey. Ah. Now I have my screen back too. Yeah. Yeah. Very interesting. Large. A lot a lot of buttons buttons. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Yep. Yeah. But, thi i uh This is with an L_C_D_? No, not. Uh, can you give an indication in b uh in the cost difference between uh the chip with L_C_D_ or without? 'Cause it I think if we have an L_C_D_, it will also sell a lot better. And that might uh bring back the costs uh Huh. 'Kay. My turn? Mm. So So Yeah. So, my uh presentation is about trend-watching. Uh, I did some trend-watching. It's very important to uh keep up with latest trends. 'Cause if you don't, you won't sell. So, well how we did do that? Uh, well we made an investigation of the market, by Trendwatchers. They uh watch in uh cities like uh Paris and Milan. Of course, well known for their uh trend uh trends. And well, uh what did you find? Uh, we have two groups, young and trendy, and the old and rich. Well th and the young and trendy, they uh they starting to like uh fruit and vegetables uh as a theme for n uh clothes, shoes, and also uh products. And um, material? That should feel have uh a spongy feeling. And to get a feeling for what it is, uh here is an image of it. Then the old and rich. They like uh dark colours, and simple, recognisable shapes. And um, they also like uh familiar material, uh especially wood. Now, another picture. To get a feeling for this. Well, uh then already come to my personal preferences. We uh aim at the younger market. So, we should also be uh look at their uh trends. However, with trends it's always if there's it's now. It it it might last one year, and next year it be uh can be totally different. And I think we want to sell our product for longer than one year. So, we m must not just only look at what the trend is now, as it might be totally different next year. So, that's uh one thing to keep in mind. Yeah. Any questions? Yeah. Mm. Can make several uh concepts. We have this, and we had the idea of an um a more uh uh uh like sh in the shape of your hand. Yeah I I I uh yes. Yeah. A g Mm.. Yeah. And i if we go to uh But if we have uh a me Yeah. If we have a menu, uh how do we uh choose other options? Yeah. Uh-uh. Uh-uh. Yeah. Yeah. M uh yeah, maybe it's better if the uh scroll-wheels are um more separate, yeah. Like, you have the menu button in between uh Yeah. Think we have we have now two buttons missing. The uh um The mute button. We have two buttons missing. The mute button. And um, the to to uh have to uh numbers Okay. But, uh Okay. And on the L_C_D_, how much it costs? Uh, it costs extra? Yeah. Yes. Uh Uh, yeah, but Yeah. If you If we have uh then something standing here, with the L_C_D_. Um, Yeah. I can't see the. But, uh the easy of uh, th the ease of use wasn't uh the most important uh aspect of it. Uh, for us it's about to sell it. Uh One. No. You have more. You have still ten. Yeah. What? Okay. Okay. See you at the next meeting.
Hmm. Oh. Mine. Oh, great. Uh Yes, well uh let's uh talk about the interface uh concept. Uh, first I'll uh I'll uh discuss the buttons we just chose, uh show you some samples, uh uh discuss some colours and design maybe, already. And uh my personal preferences. Well we chose the power button to switch the television on and off. The bu uh the mute button to switch the volume on and o on and off. The channels buttons, one to nine, and uh off uh uh zero to nine, and the uh button to choose uh higher channels than nine. Uh the volume and channel quadrants, uh left and right, up and down arrows, to uh do the volume and channel. And the menu menu button to man manipulate the L_C_D_ uh display. Um, I found some uh interesting uh uh samples. Examples. Um, well uh what's pretty standard is uh that it's that they're all pretty uh uh high uh Yeah. Yeah. Large and and and pretty thin and uh and long. Um, power buttons are mostly at the top uh left or right. Um, well we see the the the same uh arrows. Like there. And uh Yeah, well arrow b buttons can be blue. And what's interesting is the the the icons on the buttons. Some buttons have icons like the play and stop, but we don't use that. But uh, these we we have to choose the right icons, or or letters. Uh this is the V_ for volume, but they're both uh a V_. So it's it's not really very uh clear what's the function of that. Um Yeah. So, that's Uh, well Yeah. I thought that was our uh idea. So, uh how Like this. Or or this. And that the menu button is okay. Yeah, okay. Uh, so the The icons on the arrows, as well, you mean. Yeah. Uh, well that's something to uh think about. Okay. Um, well I don't I don't know if we have to discuss this already, or in the next uh meeting. But uh, as we have to uh to to design the the case and the whole uh remote control in our uh our our corporate uh company uh uh colours and the logo, I would uh recommend a yellow case. Uh, round edges. The logo at the bottom. And uh, well maybe each each uh set of buttons uh has uh has his own colour. So, it's good. Uh, recognisable. K so, I think. Uh, no. Not too much. But uh No, no, no. But this has to be has to be trendy and uh and Uh, yeah so good uh good icons on the buttons, and uh and big buttons is my uh personal uh opinion. That was that. Hmm. No. Mm, yes. What? Mm. Yeah. But but i that's the only scroll uh button on it then? Yeah, okay. But but how Yeah. How Okay. Mm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And you can and you can uh make the the power button as a trigger. Like uh Just to uh Oh, like a Yeah. But if you put push the the menu button Yeah, wh what Yes, but you don't know which of the scroll buttons you have to choose. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Mm, yeah. Yeah. It's uh Or you can uh turn it inside. But that's No, that's true.. Okay. Cookie.
Okay. Well, let's start. What are we doing? Oops. Okay. Okay. Not doing. Uh Very good. Okay. we have presentations. So first, it's your turn. Yeah. Isn't it amazing. Industrial Designer. Interface concept. Can you go back one page? For the uh menu, what do we use for that? We don't have buttons for the menu. Or we may have to use channel of the volume and channel. Okay. But uh You have to put it on the Yeah. Yeah but, has to be clear that you can use the arrows. Mm-hmm. Yes. The second one. Okay. Not too much colours. No, it's not flower power. S okay. Okay. Thank you. So, you're next. Hmm. No, isn't. But the L_C_D_ is easy when you use the scroll uh buttons. Then you can scroll, you see what number, and then you push. But then it's not easy to use scroll uh wheel. If you don't Hmm, yes. But then. Yeah, then you go one down one up. When you scroll. Yeah but like we said before, it has to be used on every television. So you may not be uh No. The television must do that. So Yeah but young people have to have all their uh room. And mostly they are smaller. So Most the times that are not advanced televisions. Okay. That's important. Yeah. Maybe you can look how how much it is for the L_C_D_. It's very important. Yeah, more expensive. But how much? Oh. Okay. Okay. Well, thank you. Next. No. It's clear. So now, it's uh Ah, let's see. Now, w we have to decide Well, we have to decide on the concept. So, we have to look at 'S next. Components and user interface concept. So Now, we have to make some concept. Maybe one of you can paint it on the board. First, uh user interface. Yes, a concept on uh Just Yeah, but maybe we can paint it. Uh, what do we want? I'll paint. Okay. Well Something like this? Or Shapes or What do we need? Yes, okay. Okay. And you have to. Yeah. So, it has to be soft? Okay. And uh, the buttons? Buttons. No, it won't. But, well there one for the sound and one for the channels. Uh, two scroll uh wheels. That's th that's more difficult. It's better in But if we don't have a L_C_D_ we don't have a menu. Yeah, but again maybe th How do we know the T_V_ can handle it? You don't know. So, there's no menu. No. So you can't use it. Okay, we make two concepts. One with L_C_D_. One without L_C_D_. Good concept. But That's one. It's one. Two. Number two. No. But when you handle it, you put it on and off. It's not good to use. Yeah, but I'll zap. Fuck. Out. No, it's not good. Now, second concept. One with L_C_D_, one without L_C_D_. Then uh Paint it. One with two scroll buttons and one with without. Yeah. Uh, one with a with a menu, and one without a menu. And the one with with a menu has an L_C_D_. Unbelievable. Do I have to do everything. Blank. You have Not so difficult. Uh, that's the menu. There for the L_C_D_ screen. You have to For the menu. Mm-hmm. One that way. And one that way. So Then it depends on the cost. S On and off. When it's not too big. Just like a a phone. Yes, okay. Very good. Is it better? When you uh the menu, you have to go there there there there. Yeah, okay. That's that's the outside. But now the First the buttons. Sorry? Mute. And the other. Yeah. Not so difficult. But how do you wanna solve it? Yeah but on the menu that's not uh easy. Then you go down, you switch, you go into the right, you switch, you go down. Yeah. A joystick. Yeah. But is it uh Does that break, a joystick? Or a small one just like in a laptop. Mean, it's better. But how expensive it is? Oh. Why do I pay you for? Um, well um Better ideas. For the young peoples I think scroll button's good. So Think we have to keep them. Yeah, but is it That's not expensive than uh Joystick is better. A small one. No just like in a a laptop. Small, round. Then it's not so big. Oh the sh Yeah, but then you can You have to use t with one hand. So Maybe, if it's possible, it's not too expensive, I think a joystick is better. A small one. So, please look at it. Yeah we I think you get it. So, after this meeting you have half an hour to uh fix it. Yes. Your problem. Not mine. Okay. So, do we have other concepts? Then for the components, we use a normal battery. Then it's Ch cheapest way, I think. No, no kinetic. Kinetic is uh ch makes it more expensive. So we use a normal battery. Chip. Depends on the L_C_D_. Scroll. Yeah. And uh, we If you use the L_C_D_, we have to Yes, okay. So, depends on the L_C_D_ and the scroll. Okay. Okay. So, uh the shapes of the design depends on the L_C_D_ and But, it has to be small. I think. If you have pistol, it L_C_D_'s not easy. Y y Yeah but If you use a phone. k Yeah, but but then you have it. Like, th if you have pistol, you have it so. And the screen is Well, then you have to keep it this way to look at the screen. Yeah. No. No, no. Yeah, but then you look forward. And then you can y N well, if you have to look at it. Then it goes like this. If th n well Yes, of course. That's good good. But the um, it may not break. Okay. If that's possible. Okay. Yeah of course. Okay. Then this is the design. And the buttons are on the next page. So, depends on the cost. So, um we have one minute. I think. No. More. Seven. Next meeting. Thirty minutes. So hurry up. You two stay here. Paint it. Now you have to. So I think it's clear. Check your mail. So It has to be ready in the next meeting. So Next meeting is called the detailed design. So Everyth everything has to be ready. Thanks for your attention.
";The industrial designer gave a presentation on the interface concept, discussing which buttons will be needed and then looking at some examples of existing remote controls. He suggested using a yellow case with rounded edges and the logo at the bottom, and large, clearly marked buttons. The interface expert informed the group that young people like curved shapes, soft materials and primary colours, and suggested making a hand-shaped remote in plastic and rubber. He talked about the possibility of using a scroll button, and the different chips which could be used. The group discussed using an LCD screen, but did not have enough information about costs to make a decision. The marketing expert talked about new trends, including the trends for spongy materials and fruit and vegetable themed products. The group had a discussion and decided to create two designs, one with an LCD screen and one without, and the interface designer drew them on the board. They put off making a final decision about using an LCD screen, scroll buttons and a menu button until they could find out about costs. 
"Okay. So, now um, last time. Can you uh push the button? One time please. So I'm still the secretary. Now uh, I ask you to presentate the prototype. One of your you two. Yes. The prototype. Well, thank you. Uh, now Yes. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. And the buttons? And the joystick is for the volume and the channels. Okay, so if joystick and L_C_D_. What's the R_R_ d Okay. Very good. So, we have So, what they say on the side is put fashion there. Yes. It's good. So, that's it. That's prototype. Now, the finance. We don't know if it's th it if it's okay. So, I'm gonna look. We have Sorry? Finance is um Yeah it's No, first uh Yes. We have to evaluate the product yet. Sorry. Criteria. No, it's okay. Oh, it's okay. What do you think? Yeah. Two. You? Me too. So it's a three. So it's a Yes, it's for the younger g group. So it's uh half half of the people. So I think it's four. No. Yes. So, I think it's four. Okay. Give it a four. Yep. We put the fashion in electronics. Uh, I say uh a five. It's not fashion, it's new. It must be a fashion. But it isn't. Yes. It w If it's not a fashion we can put it in it. So, it must be a fashion. I think it's a five. No. Oh. I use my feet though. Okay. Well, I say three. So, counting then is two and a half. Okay, two. You? Me too. One. Next, six. It does not get lost easily. No, we did not. So, but can it get lost if it's such a thing? I don't think so. Yes. Not a not a normal shapes. So No. It won't get lost. So A one? Okay, a one. Next. Yeah me That was our target. Two. Yep. Right. There's a fancy look-and-feel. Okay. I say a two. It's a a bit personal. If it's fancy. So I think s two is better. No, it's new. Innovation.. Okay. Me too. Three. Yeah. Effort is three, ten and twelve. Thirty, forty, fifty,. Twenty one. So, it's uh two and three nine two and one third. Yep. Uh, nah. Okay. So, it's good. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Back to my uh Yep. Next please. So, now uh we have a product. Very happy. But uh, is it cheap enough? Um, so if uh I'll have a look. We have a battery. One battery. Okay, one battery. Electronics. Advanced chip. Yeah it's the most advanced. Chip-on-print. We have that one. We have the simple, regular and advanced. We have the adva advanced. 'Kay, so uncurved or flat. Nope. Single curved or double curved? We have double curved. So Then we have plastic, wood, rubber. we have half rubber, half plastic. No titanium. Special colour. Yes, yellow. Interface, push-button. Scroll-wheel, integrated scroll-wheel push push-button, or L_C_D_ display. So, we have the L_C_D_ We have two scroll-wheels? Or one? And it's not really a s Yeah, it's this one. Now, uh button supplement. Special colour. We already Uh, that's the from the for the buttons. The buttons are regular colour. So, then uh then then then then then then Then Uh, no. It's too expensive. So, we have to change something. Fifteen Euros. Yeah, well uh when we lose one scroll-wheel, it's okay. 'Cause we can't lose the battery. We can't lose the advanced chip. We can't lose the double curve. We have rubber, special colour. Oh, no, we No, it's uh Sorry? Um, then we uh lose two Euros. Then we have thirteen Euros. Half a Euro too much. Exactly the special colours. So That's one Euro. So, I don't think that's good. Mm I think we have to keep the L_C_D_. If Yes. Then it's only thirteen Euros. So uh yeah. Yeah. Then you have Or you have to cut this off. Then it's not good anymore. So, wait. Okay. I'll have a look. We Yellow rubber. Yeah, normal. Uh One minute, please. Uh Is it maximum. Um Yeah, it's normal colour. But if you lose the joystick, it's still uh an advanced chip? Or it's then a regular? So, the advanced is for the L_C_D_ and the regular for the joystick. And what if we lose the L_C_D_? Yeah, regular chip. But Is it a good design? Mm, yes. Then it's okay. Okay, so no joystick. Oh no, but we then we get push-buttons from half a Euro. Uh, yes, yes, yes, yes. No joystick. Push-buttons. No special colour. Twelve and a half Euros. Then it's okay. So, we have to change that a little bit. And you cannot use the red and green button. Because if you give them a s uh colour, you have to pay point two Euros. Yes. Yes. So So Well Now we have to change that, but that's okay. Rubber. What's the normal colour? So And Where's? Yeah. So, now it's Yeah. It is. But then it will be just that ones. Now it's Very good. Now, uh project eva evaluation. Well What do you think of it? Uh About the project. Okay. And you. Okay. Okay. Well, what do I have to say. I think it was good. Not too many discussions. So, it's good for the speed. So, I think we're ready. Good price. Evaluation ready. Ready. That's it.
Oh this, you mean? Yes, well uh this is it. It's uh it's uh it's yellow. And uh, this is rubber. And and and this too. The the sides. And the rest is hard plastic. And uh We uh we had some uh We had a new idea that that this can uh can be uh uh turned inside. And then it covers the these buttons until here or something. And then you can still use the the power button and the mute and the the joystick. So, you can still operate uh all the things. Because you don't always use the menu. And then it can break. Uh, well uh Big buttons. And everything is blue, except the power button. And the mute. Of uh yeah, and the mute and the the other button. Yeah. Channel higher channel button. Uh, yes. Yes, that's uh Very obvious. Yeah. R_R_'s the l the the the the company uh logo. Uh, yes. Yes. That's about here. Oh. Three. Mm Mm, four. Yeah, but it's it's Yeah. I mean it still has l large buttons and not m many buttons. So I mean, the colours are for young people, but older Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. Yes. Two. Then make it th three.. Yes, a one. I like it. One. Yes. Yeah, but uh Yeah. Yeah. Yes, a one. Yeah, okay. Mm, three. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm, yes. Mm, yeah. Mm, yeah. Yeah. Okay. All the same uh Mm, yeah. Recognisable. Like what Yeah. Mm, yeah. Okay. Yeah, well the same. I I espe I especially uh liked the the means, the the SMARTboard and uh Yeah, it uh It brings up new ideas when you work with uh with it. Yeah. Mm-hmm. No..
I don't care. Huh? Big.. Yes. Up is channel up. Down is channel down. To the right is volume up. To the left is volume down. The R_R_? I'll get it. I think the scroll-button is something also uh new. What uh not anoth uh, not a lot of uh a lot of uh remote controls have. I think technologically I'll give it an seven. Si six six. Sorry, six. Oh, true or false. Oh, uh I'll I'll give it uh a t a two. Sorry. Five. Mm-hmm. Maybe version uh three point O_ uh has other colours. Four. Me too a two, because only the battery is not uh techin uh technologically high standard. But the rest of it is. So, I think a two. It it will be fashion. 'Kay. Three is okay. Oh, we'll wait outside. I give it a one. Say two. Two. One. Uh Just a small thing. Ah. Yellow. Looks like a pistol. Uh It won't get between uh the pillows uh on the couch. Uh Yeah, o one. Yeah. Me too. Two. Yeah? Yeah. I gave this a one because of the rubber. It feels soft. Uh, it looks like a l uh uh b uh, a bit like a joystick. It's Yeah. Yeah, f very fancy trendy. Two is okay.. Oh. I go for two because uh the the shapes are still round. Uh, the latest trends are soft things, you know, like uh I said in my presentation. Uh But the the colours are um basic, like yellow, red, um blue. Something what also younger people want. It's also a trend, so I'll give it a two. Two. Yeah, I think. Cheapest there is. Expensive. Well, it's the most advanced. Advanced. Uh, yellow. One. Joystick uh thing. We're not gonna make it. Yeah. Wh What what are the costs? Fifteen. A special colour. Uh, I don't think it's a very special colour. Yellow? Uh, is it a special colour? What? Yeah. And what if we use only one sort of um Um just only plastic or only rubber? One Euro discount. If we change the joyst uh the joystick thing into a button up, button down, button right, button left. And then we'll lose fifty cent in what? Uh uh-uh. No. And if you say it's just a r uh normal colour it's a normal colour, wh No one will see it. Normal colour, and the the joystick away, and put the button up, button down, right, left. And it's twelve Euros, I think. No. Uh, no, no, no. Uh Oh, wait wait wait. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. If we lose the L_C_D_, then we have an uh regular chip and no L_C_D_. Uh, yeah. Then you'll have to m uh see the menu on the television. And you don't have the L_C_D_. So, the T_V_s has to uh have to be up-to-date. Yeah. Yeah. Huh. No knew that. Yeah, then it's twelve Euro fifty, then it's okay. So, all the buttons has to have to be the same colour. But then the print on it will g um change it. Make it uh for everybody to see what button it is. Uh l How you call it? Recognisable, yeah. Yeah? Okay. Oh, well that's clear. And the joystick away. And its buttons. Yeah. About the process. Went good. Uh I think uh the creativity uh was good enough. We have a gun instead of a remote control. Um Uh leadership. Yeah, you were the project project manager, and uh had the final vote. So yeah that was clear. Team-work okay. Everybody uh has something uh to say about it. And uh no, uh o only the the drawing uh was very difficult. But, nah. New ideas found. Nope. No. Yep. Beer. Yeah? Okay then.
This is it. Yes. Yeah. That's on the rub rubber part. Yeah? Alright. Do we Do we change the Do we change the the order? Or are we going to uh ev evaluate it first? Okay. That's uh um That can be none. Um, we gonna do the evaluation now, together. But I have uh a introduction how it works. So, it will come up. Uh-oh. Okay. Um, yeah. Well, we uh uh, I have um thinked a few evaluation uh criterias, uh based on um our marketing strategy, on uh the latest trends, on user preferences. Uh, we have a seven point scale from uh true, as well. To false, seven? And on base of each c uh criteria, we need to um give a rating. We can uh Well, it look like this. But we gonna uh do it here, they said. So, you hope found out how to do it with a Word document. Yeah. Okay, yeah. Yeah. Um, well uh we have the Word document You So we open up that blank here. Um Think I can Uh, what this just an example. So, this not very important. But um, if I can get a number in here. Hmm. Well, uh we can't do that. Um, so uh you have to think of it as uh the remote control is techno technologically innovative. Uh, and then we have to uh agree on the rating together. And in the end, we will c uh count an average of all rating. The first uh on each item. Yeah, I think it's uh Uh, well technologically using, it's not uh it doesn't contain many new features. Only the L_C_D_. So, it Um, I think I will give it a yeah, yeah, yeah, a four. Hmm. So now i I think you uh see it um its statement. And you true or false. And true is one. So, yeah. Yeah. 'Kay. Um, well It's a one. The first item. So, okay the second item. Um, this product is for all sorts of customers. Well, it's a statement which uh I disagree with, because we uh really aim uh at at young market and I think the way it looked uh c uh totally in yellow, it's not uh really aimed for all customers. It doesn't look like that. That's uh a six. Four. Uh, okay. Mm. That's uh the motto of our company. Yeah, well do we do this with uh this product? I um Yeah. I think if we do this, as it's uh uh c uh it's really orientates on the design. Um, so I would give it a two. Two. Uh Okay. Okay. Yes, I'll think of that too. Yeah, agree? A three. Yeah okay. The next element um is the product looks good. Well personally, I do not prefer a um remote control that's fully in yellow. So, I would give this a five. We have to do our uh Two or three? Two. Okay. So, well we gonna do the next part. Uh, yep. Uh uh, the next statement. It has not too much buttons. Um, yeah, I I have uh said is not because uh a low number is better. And in the end we calculate an average. So, um that's why it's a negative in it. Um, well this one of our aims not have too much buttons. So, um uh did we uh do that? Well, uh if we go to uh this fashion, I We still have caused uh a lot of uh buttons for the numbers. But you can you can go for that. And um that way, you don't have a lot of buttons over. So, I would give this a two. One. Um, but where where is the? So Yeah, did we implement uh the sound? Yeah. It won't. One. Okay, um well we aimed for the younger market. Uh yeah, did we achieve that. I think with the way it looks and um it is designed, I will give it a two. Yeah. Uh, yes. That that was uh, yeah, one of the most important things that uh Trendwatch said. I didn't uh say it in my presentation. But um, well does it have that? I would say yes. So um Well, let's also give this a two. T Yeah. Okay. Two. And um, then the last one I could think of, uh it goes with the latest trends. If we looked at the latest trends for the uh younger people, and they ate uh fruit and vegetables, well it has a um a nice colour, uh well compared to food but we didn't uh We did not paint any uh fruit and vegetable on it for something like that. So, I would did not give this uh a one or two. I We'll go for a three. Yes. A three. Okay. So um, come back to the presentation now. So, we find yourself there, and now we have to calculate an average rating. So, we will do that. Yes. By nine. Yeah. Um, uh okay. Two. Come on. So uh, that's a pretty low rating, I think. So, according to our uh own evaluation uh we did a good job. Oh. Nah. How am I doing? Yes. And I closed your slide-show. Which one was the last for you? Uh, dreaming. Next. Finance. Yeah. One... We would have uh n For a remote control. I've For a remote control, I think it is. If we would have uh uh normal buttons instead of uh the joystick. For up down left right. The advanced chip was for the L_C_D_ wasn't it? If uh If we have the n no buttons If we have we have uh not a joystick but buttons, we would have uh, we have thirteen Euros? And then uh we move the the colour. What will that be? Yeah. still, he waited at the No. Project. Yeah, I think you have to compare it to if you would have a normal um normal project without laptops uh and without these devices. I think um Well, the laptops if you have them out front of you, you sometimes looking at that instead of the presentation. Um, well uh the draw-board, well you can draw things. But it not really going very convenient. Uh, maybe it will be easier if you have a smaller monitor and uh you would also see there. And with a normal mouse. Um, and uh the project. Yeah, I agree on what was said uh mainly. Uh, yeah but you always have that some people are talking more than others. And maybe is then um the task of the the project manager to also uh ask more to the people uh less talking. To tell their opinion. Yeah. Okay.
";The industrial designer and user interface designer presented their prototype design, made of yellow rubber and hard plastic, with large, mostly blue buttons, a joystick and LCD screen. Led by the marketing expert, the group evaluated the prototype on a scale of one to seven, based on a set of evaluation criteria. The overall rating was two. The project manager calculated the production costs, which were too high at fifteen Euros. The group discussed how to make the design cheaper, and decided to keep the LCD screen, but to remove the special colour and replace the joystick with regular push-buttons. Finally the project manager led an evaluation of the project process before closing the meeting. Overall, the group were satisfied with the creativity, teamwork and available equipment, although the marketing expert thought the SMARTboard and laptops were sometimes distracting and not that helpful. 
"Good morning, Flores. Marketing Expert. Right. For the cameras Alright. Geez. You have the same message of uh Windows cannot um sen oh stand-by. Close the the window. So That's right. Ruud. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Alright. Okay. Progressions. It's for the vision. Yeah. Sensors. But we all use the same white-board file So we can work together on it while we're or should we only use it in the in the meetings? Yeah, okay. Yeah, alright. Yep. It's a bunny. But of course, Flores. Blank. Yeah, I'm think about it too. Format. Well, it looked more than a bunny than a cat, but it works, right? With a very small legs. You should feed that uh that animal. Okay. Okay. And for a cell phone? Yeah, okay. Yeah. But Yeah, but the infrared, it's uh, well, a little bit old-fashioned, if you would call it like that. But all the T_V_s are uh equipped with infrared, so y you you can Most of them. Or you shou sh use a you should equip infrared and Bluetooth together in one remote. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, I had a few uh things in mind. Um well, the interoperability, just like uh Sebastian said, um the remote should work on different T_V_s or even different uh um Yeah uh, what is it, devices? Um so i i I think it's a universal remote control for customers to buy just new in uh a store. It's not for uh for uh for uh Philips or whatever to buy our remote for their own product, right? Yeah, I do I don't know that. It's no I have uh don't have the information for it. No, okay. Yeah. Um Well, the techni fu technical function uh what you said is just by pressing the button you should change the state of the T_V_. That's just the basic f technical function. So that was my really my part for uh this session. Um Well, that's just the fu the technical function is pure what should the remote control do, wh what is his task uh as an uh as an uh device. It just should change the T_V_'s state. So that's it. Um but furthermore Yeah. Yeah, with buttons. Yeah, or maybe you want a touch-screen or But Yeah. They're very vu vulnerable. Yeah. Yeah. And for other user interface I had um, well, it's more industrial thing. Uh point at a T_V_, I think it's it's quite disturbing when you always have to point directly to the T_V_, so you must point everywhere, so maybe infrared is Yeah, just don't even point it, so in that case infrared should uh maybe uh be restriction to that. Yeah, if you g if you go to radio or or yeah. For T_V_, you're always in in the neighbourhood of a T_V_, so I don't think think the range should be a problem to that, but if you want to uh get it working with a radio, and you're in outside your garden with just one uh speaker, then maybe the range should be uh But Yeah. Two more things. Um You should able to feel the buttons without uh it mis um you have to know what you do without looking at the buttons, so it should be as user interface um for feeling should be uh good to understand. You must feel the buttons for volume or whatever, I think. And of course you don't always know where all buttons are, so it should be visible al um in dark too. So when it's dark Those are two really uh user interface Yeah. That's perfect. Yeah. Yeah. Well, maybe I um but it it can be quite simple, you can just have white buttons with a black mark on it. The uh the the digits in black. Uh then it's already visible in dark. So it it don't have to be a lightning or or a fancy well, it can be for design, of course. Just remind something. The digits of uh the the painting on the buttons should not fade. You have a m uh Always have s the soft buttons, always uh clear the the the paint on it. The marks. Yeah. But um Necessary, yeah. Yeah. But then Bluetooth uh might be problem. 'Cause I think Bluetooth uh Yeah, I know it from the cell phone. But you can't you can't use Bluetooth all the time, twenty four hours a day. Does it It's over? Okay. Great.
Okay. Good morning. Okay. Um green. An animal. Okay. Um Uh a wee rabbit. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think they're right, yeah. Uh I think most most things have already been said, like uh control multiple devices. And uh, yeah, infrared might be an issue. Uh well, he said about n abo what he said about pointing. But uh lots of devices already use infrared. So we'll probably have to implement that. Yeah.
Good morning, Mister P_M_. How are you today? How was your business trip to Boston? Is there a schedule for this meeting? I shall close the door. That's correct. Okay. Um is there any room for a little presentation? Uh maybe during the discussion uh section? Okay. Alright. I'm just uh guessing what should be my favourite animal. Well, I'll give it a try. Mm. Very good. I was very good in drawing. Well, I guess you uh get the idea. Beautiful. Yes, um I have some technical uh issues which I would like to present to you uh before we start the discussion, because uh there might be some uh influations influences. Okay? Okay. Um first about my role, role of the Industrial Designer. I would like to think about uh the implementation of uh of things, and the technical possibilities and impossibilities. So if someone of you comes up with uh ideas, uh I'll try to translate them in technical functions, but uh there might be some impossibilities. So that's one. Uh I also will propose some uh um uh some implementations for that, but well, these are quite the same. Sorry about that. Um and I also will remind people of some new technical possibilities which are available and which might be interesting to implement in our product. I have some uh initial ideas about some things um which are maybe nice to take with you in the upcoming uh discussion. One thing about uh interopera operability. Um I think a modern uh remote control should uh control a device diverse subset of equipment. Uh for instance, uh D_V_D_ players, cell phones, video and audio equipment. So one re uh one remote control for all your equipment. Well, there should be some interoperabi interoperability between them. I think it could come in handy. We should discuss that. Um and we should think about the way how these things uh should communicate with each other. We're not uh living in the uh nineteen eighties anymore, so infrared is not uh is not really uh hot uh technical stuff anymore. But you should uh think about the things like uh Bluetooth. Mm-hmm. But it's cost-effective. Yes. Mm-hmm. Well, not all, not all. So that's the point. So Maybe, but that's uh something we should discuss and uh about every everybody should think about it. So that's just my role, I'll just uh give you uh everybody some technical input, and I think now the time is to have a little discussion about what uh the product should be and how it should look, but take these things into account when you start the discussion. Yes, so one thing uh one remote control should uh control one or more uh pieces of equipment, and the way of communicating with these equipments. Okay. That's it. Yes, I think it should be something like that. We're not developing this product for a specific vendor, are we? No, we're just developing this product, and we want to sell it to a very broad uh public, so it should fit to every device. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And you you see uh the buttons as a as a means of doing this? Or are there any o other controls? Are there only any other cont Well, I I've seen these remote controls with uh this little stick uh which you can move forward, sidewords. You know these things. And um it's very easy for a user to to switch w yes, to to switch b uh between uh channels or uh change uh between tracks on a on a C_D_, on on a chapters, you know, on a D_V_D_ player. So maybe that's an idea, I don't know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Uh is that uh are there restriction for the range, the operating range too? So when you're not able to point at the device um the range is very limited. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay. Do do you Um well yes, I had, uh about three minutes ago, but I've seem to forget them forgot them. Um oh yes, I remember. Um you said something about visibility in the dark. Um uh would it be nice for a user to have display on this uh remote control, on which you can see functions? Which makes it easier to operate it. I I don't know. Mm-hmm. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Yes, but there's a cost limitation too. Well, that's more So that's a big problem, I think. I think the the financial part of this project uh implicates that it's not going to be a high high-end product. The cost price is very low. Um Okay. Very good point. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Hmm. It's use uh a lot of uh well Well, cell phones have uh integrated Bluetooth also and, well, it's it seems to work uh quite okay. So uh technically it will be possible. No, you cannot. Okay. Okay.
G good morning. Oh yeah. Are you ready? You should put the laptop uh right into the square. For i for the cameras, yes. Good morning, Sebastian. I'm fine. Um well, actually I didn't go, didn't feel like it. So Do you want to open it as read-only. Um I guess I should close it here. Okay, the waiting is for our Marketing Expert, Ruud. Um project kick-off. Yes, there is actually. Um I will li list the agenda for today. For this meeting. Good morning, Ruud. Uh it's important um yeah, great. It's important that the laptops are um exactly on the square, um for the cameras. Okay. Okay. Um we're here to develop uh a new product. Um I'm sure you've had a mail from our account manager about it. Um and um this is the first meeting to to generate some uh uh some ideas about it. Um you are here in a specific role. Uh Ruud is here as the Marketing Expert, Roo is here as the User Interface Designer and Sebastian is here uh in the role of Industrial Designer. Is that correct? Okay. Um we're going to do um uh uh a little tool training uh for the tools we are going to use uh during uh the meetings we are going to have here. Um then I will tell you a little bit about my idea of the project plan, uh and we will have a discussion. Uh this meeting should take no more than twenty five minutes, so we should keep that in mind. There is? Yeah, there is. No problem. Um okay, this new product we are are g are going to develop, um it's a remote control, a television remote control. Um and first of all it should be original, it should be trendy and user-friendly. Those are kind of easy um uh uh goals, um and I'm sure we can find more goals for the for the product we are going to develop. Um we will discuss uh later on more ideas about uh how the remote should look and how it sh it should function and all those kind of things. The market, we should have a look at the market. Um we are going to use a a pred a project method uh during uh this development, um which consists of three different design stages. Uh the functional design, the conceptual design and the detailed design, um all of these stages um um mean that we do some individual work, prepare, and then uh meet to discuss our uh uh the the the progressions, yes. Um the first stage, the functional design um we are going to search for the user requirements, and we will um make a specific uh specification of that. Um the second is the technical functional design, um what effect should the remote have? Well in this case control t the the television I think. Um and the last one is the working design. How exactly does it work in the technical sense. Um the other design stages, uh we will discuss that later. So we'll kop it keep it with the functional design. Okay, um before we think about remote control we will um work with some of the tools we have uh here. Um as you see now I can give a presentation. Um it's also possible to use this one as well. You can uh uh display pr uh two presentations if you want to. Um to um presentate, to show us uh a file you'll need to uh place it in your project documents folder, which is on your desktop, at least it should be. Um then we have this electronic white-board system. Um yeah, I will show that now. Um you can draw on the board using this pen. There are little um uh sensors, so do not grab it here, but a lit more a little bit more to the uh to the end. Um well, it it's on the um eraser now, so we click the pen button. Okay, so not too fast writing. Um you can insert a new um slide or or white-board uh uh file um by either using the insert function or by clicking the next button or the blank button. It's quite the same. Um all our um whi um uh SMARTboard um notes should be kept in the same file. So do not m make a new file. Just use this one uh during the day. Um you can use the eraser to make something go away. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, in the meetings, only in the meetings. It's really like like a regu regular whiteboard. Um you can choose the format, um sorry. Uh Let me see. Um Well I guess it's maybe because I'm not s uh pen selected. Yep. Current colour, you can choose another colour. And um for example black, and you c I can choose the line width. Um so now I d have a different line width and uh colour. Okay. Quite easy, if you uh do have any questions, just c ask me. Um to um oh well, I'm I wrote down the documents uh should be in the project documents folder if you want to uh discuss it with us. Um as a little training um I will ask Ruud first to draw uh uh your own animal on a new slide uh with uh a different colour and a different line width than the one uh now selected. A rabbit. Okay, well great. Um Roo, could you do the same please? But a different animal with a different colour and a different line width. Sebastian is thinking about the animal. Okay. It it should be a cat. Okay? I'm guessing a horse. Yes, okay. Beautiful. Okay, so um you can use this at any time during the presentation if you want to. Um any questions well, just just let me know. Um okay, back to our project. Um the remote control we are going to develop um will have a selling price of about twenty five Euros. Uh the profit we are looking for for this product is fifty million Euros, which is quite a number. Um we uh we will focus this internationally, so the product will be sold um, if there is market uh interest, uh in in more than one country. And um the production costs should not be more than uh twelve Euro fifty, so we should keep that in mind by uh w w during the development, um because uh, well, those are important numbers. Um then the discussion, maybe the time for Sebastian to show his presentation. Limitations. Okay. Okay, great. Yeah. Okay, so the the main por uh the main points you are uh telling us are focus on the inter uh operability, and Okay, and and uh Okay. Okay, good. Um that was your presentation? Okay, okay. Um okay. Great. Um I'll go back to my own presentation. Um Mm. Okay. Um I I do think it's time now to to discuss uh mm some things. Um Sebastian told us a few things about the technical implemen uh implications. Um there are other things like um how to make it trendy, which is I think uh um most uh Ru uh Ruud's uh role. Um the way how it should be controlled by the user, which is uh Roo uh r uh during this part. Um so let's start with you. H how do you think the remote should um function for the user? Yep. Okay, so we're we're going business to consumer, not we're we're it's not a No. No. Yeah. Uh Ruud, y do you agree? Okay. Okay. Yeah. So is that ease of use or uh is that more like um Okay. Uh-huh. Maybe not even pointed. Yeah. Okay Uh Okay, gentlemen, um uh just a reminder, we d we have five minutes left for this meeting um okay. Okay, s yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh I'll write down glow in the dark. Is tha Okay. Okay, um uh I just want to hear uh Ruud's um input for this meeting. Um do you have anything already w um ab idea about how the market uh will respond to the such a product? Or what we should take um in account when developing such a product? Mm-hmm. Because? Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, Sebastian, did you have any other ideas? Okay. Yeah, yeah, okay, because because we wa we want to develop a trendy product. So Yeah, twelve Euro fifty, yeah. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay, um I ha I have one point f um which which comes in mind now. Um uh d I think the device should either be rechargeable very easily um or it should not consume too much um power. Because it's very annoying if you need to change the batteries every s uh uh every other week. So um maybe we could um for example uh only light the buttons that are um uh applicable at that moment or yeah. I dunno, it's uh that's more Sebastian's uh um Well does it? I'm not sure. Uh Yeah. Okay. Gentlemen, I'm afraid we do not have any more time. Um so we will go back to our own uh work. Um next meeting starts in thirty minutes and um, well, you know your o your individual actions or your personal coach will probably email you about th it. Um so this was it. See you in thirty minutes.
";The project manager opened the meeting and introduced the project, describing what the project would involve, the role of each participant and the agenda for the first meeting. He the demonstrated the equipment the group would be using, and the group practiced using the SMARTboard by drawing their favourite animals. The project manager then went over the project budget. The industrial designer gave a brief presentation about his role and his initial ideas for the project, suggesting that the remote should be used for multiple devices and that the group should consider using bluetooth rather than infrared. The project manager then asked the others about their initial ideas. The user interface designer agreed that the remote should control multiple devices. They also discussed having glow in the dark buttons, using bluetooth instead of infrared and using a display and/or a joystick instead of conventional buttons. However, they were unsure about what the budget would allow. The project manager suggested that the remote should be rechargeable or not use much power, but this might be difficult if using bluetooth. The project manager closed the meeting. 
"Welcome back. Uh let me see. Okay. Roo, welcome back. The waiting is for Sebastian. There he is. Sorry? Uh no. You can't, sorry. Well, this is life. Sorry uh, Roo. Okay. Okay. People, welcome back with the second meeting. Um for now on the schedule are a few points. Uh first of all the opening, which we are doing now. Um second, I received um some new project requirements. I'm not sure if you received them as well, um but I will tell you about it. Um then um the three of you uh prepared a presentation, I think? Sebastian? Roo? Ruud? Almost, okay. Then we'll do your one uh uh as la uh the last. Um the top goal of this m Um we will figure that out. Ca can you try to Yeah, w we will see. Um it is, yeah. Yeah. Um the top goal of this meeting is to reach a decision on the product, on the target group um and and the functions of the remote control, so keep that in mind. Um we have forty minutes. So it's now Yep. Okay. Um the new project requirements, first of all, um we didn't speak about it, but we should not um support teletext in the remote, um because our b um board uh feels that uh teletext is out of date and internet is replacing teletext. So um we are not even going to try to um implement it in our product. It's a board decision. Um the remote control should only be used for television, because it's not uh f uh feasible, it's not uh w uh uh we we cannot make it because of the time to market um that we have to deal with. Uh the third requirement is that we should focus on customers that are younger than uh forty, which is important for you, uh Ruud, and as well for uh Roo. Because the product should um be uh interesting and and uh should be bought by people younger than forty. Um then for Roo, as well uh important, the corporate image should be recognisable in our product. So the colour colours and the slogan um do have to be uh in the product. Is that clear? Any questions on these requirements? No? Okay. Um the individual presentations, I th um Roo or Sebastian, who of you would like to start? Uh uh yeah. Okay, great. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Uh-huh. Okay. Uh Ruud, did you get that? Okay, so the important thing here is In the market, yeah. Yeah, okay, w we will s we all uh Yeah. Okay. Sebastian. No, it's not visible. Yeah. Okay. So it's fairly easy. Okay. Okay, good. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah, but but the question is whether um two or four buttons makes uh m makes such a difference in the costs if you already plan to uh include fancy lightning techniques, I guess. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay, Ruud. Okay well, we ar we are very curio curious to what the market um will feel about such a product. So any income is welcome. Input. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, that's interesting. Yeah, that's definitely interesting. It uh it separates our product from others uh as well. Okay, go on. Okay. So that's what the market tells us. Yep. Okay. Yep. Well maybe maybe like clapping in your hands, like um turning on and off the the the lights. Reports rep respend response to it. But uh th Yeah, because we do not have a a a a a home um Okay. So what about the clapping technique? Um because you se Well, you see it a lot in in light uh lightning uh uh Yeah, a peak. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Well uh Yeah. Yeah, m maybe um w we uh we do agree on on the thing that the remote should have such a function, if it's possible within the costs and all that kind of things. Um maybe Sebastian should have uh a detailed look later on and um come up with a solution, because that's his his field of expertise. Mm-hmm. Yep. Yeah, it's a distinction in the market. It's a different exactly. It's an uni an unique feature, and um I think um it's worth um uh looking and and probably more i interesting than uh than the lights. Yeah. Yeah. Well, um according to Ruud, um people do not use um all the extra features very very often. So Okay. Okay. Well, we we do have a wise board, so I'm not questioning that. Yeah. Okay, so on the relevance scale uh the channel selection, the volume selection and the teletext. Well, we skip that. Okay. No. Yeah. Uh uh uh I think we should go for the easier one. No. Yeah. Okay, Ruud, how do you feel about that? Uh do you agree, do you think the market would would respond to uh a simple Mm-hmm. Mm yeah. Okay, so this is is kind of uh Yeah. But but are we not in in the in the manual uh I mean if you have few buttons, no display, um I mean uh I guess it's l it's working with with a shift functions and um one button can uh But but how does how does the remote uh report uh r uh give back to the user w in what state it is? Because we do not implement uh a user history. I know, but but if we use uh like a stick, for example, um Yeah. Uh and we could have other buttons for the for the advanced uh functions. Yeah, draw draw it on the board. Yeah, it can break down. Uh-huh. Okay, yeah. Okay, but w we still we're still in the question of uh um uh putting in advanced options. Um Ruud just told us um the market is interested in some advanced uh new techniques. Um however, uh keeping it simple is is important for the costs and all all those kind of things. We need to find a balance between uh the advanced techniques and and the user-friendliness. Um well, for we do have to uh decide this this meeting. Yeah. We need to um have the uh the user function uh the functions decided and um uh our target audience. Um well, I do not want a full uh it's not necessary to to have a full list, but I want um the kind of functions, for example uh th the most important are volume and uh programme selecting. Well, for example, that that's what we should think about. l how is the remote going to look? Not not in the user interface, but Yeah. A bit of a split mode. Uh l like Yeah. Dual channel watch. Okay, well um m maybe I should write that down. Uh Ruud, um what's your last name? Mielsen, because I I was writing it down in the last uh Mielsen. Right. Um I put all the minutes I make into the shared folder. So if you want to have a look at it, you know where to find it. Um Yeah, that's that's if you want to do it, Sebastian. Okay, um Okay, so so um uh Volume. Programme. Uh dual channel. Uh And and do we want um the ten digits? Yeah. I agree actually. But we do have thirteen different Dutch channels. Often. Well, it depends on the on the on the looks, on the on the You c you can d make them very fancy by um I mean Nokia, they have ten digits on their phones and it still looks very fancy. So I'm I'm I do not agree Uh Exactly, exactly. Okay, speech. Yeah. To find yeah. Uh If if we would um drop the ten digits but keep the programme and the volume, because maybe people do not always want to use their voice, um Yeah. But we do focus on younger people. We d it it's a board uh decision. Okay. Okay. Okay, g good. Okay. Mm. Yep. Okay. But But but can we manage it bu uh for the costs? Because it seems like a very Is a cradle very cheap? I know, b uh but there should be an adapter as well. Okay. Okay. We we have uh about ten minutes left this meeting. Um I would like to hear um maybe maybe you all have th uh things not um spoken about, yeah, but that are important. Uh Ruud, you you came up with the voice recognition uh data. Uh are there other things about the market we should know? Okay. Okay. Okay, so although we are focussing on younger people uh to make it uh profitable uh Profitable. We we yeah, we still need to take in account the the bit older people. Okay. O okay. Um Roo. Nothing to add. Sebastian? Yeah? Great. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yep. Yeah, and that was the main issue, right? The the board Yeah. The board. No, it's th yeah. It's the other way around, yeah. It shouldn't be a big issue. Okay. I'm not sure how how we'll f uh determine the costs, I will have a look at it. Maybe you will get some information on that. Um I'm not sure how how that Yep. Okay, great. Um well, I think we're qui quite done. Um for now we will have the lunch break. Um I'm don't know how long the break will be, but we'll find out. Um then we will have thirty minutes of time to perform our individual work, uh and I'm sure your personal coaches will uh assist you with it. Um I will put the minutes I just made in the project documents folder. If you want to look at it um well, just do. Um the Interface Designer, um I would like to the next meeting I would like to receive the uh components concept. Uh Roo, um from you I would like to see Uh I'm sorry, yeah, I'm sorry. User Interface Designer, uh Roo, I would like to see the user interface c uh concept. And um Well, i it should be easy, that's w w what we concluded. It should be an easy interface with not so much buttons. S just a a p a p a volume and a programme one. And um um yeah, some some fancy lights. I think that's what we decided. No no no, we didn't but it shouldn't be integrated yeah, it's of course it's user interface, but um i I was talking about really the design of the No. We can decide the next meeting. Yep. Yeah. I guess all of you have i updated info. I'm sure the marketing expert will receive uh t uh you will do some trend watching. And I'm sure the market will um uh uh will change, adapt and um so we will see that. Um yeah, that's it for now. Any other questions or can we have the lunch? Yeah, okay. Good.
Hello. There's one of mine. Hello, Flores.. We have a slight problem. I opened uh the C_D_ ROM box uh guys. So just cancel it. Yeah, I opened the C_D_ ROM box. Accidentally. But it's alright. Mm-hmm. Yeah. But you can't upload your presentation from here, I believe. Okay. I don't think it's wireless here. Or it is. Yeah? Okay, great. Yeah. Time, yeah. Yes. Yeah, I'll start. Um Oh, how can I uh Geez, and sli and show. Um Just uh press it. Uh yes. Alright. Um well w we uh we had discussed this already in the fin in the previous uh discussion. Uh the method of the remote control is just the function of remote control is basically to send messages to the television set. So that was the main uh important thing what a remote control should do. Then I found uh two different kind of remote controls, the multi-function uh remote control with many possibilities, but um the lack of the feeling I already mentioned uh in the previous uh discussion. And the ease-of-use remote control with uh the less p possibilities but a great feeling in in touching the buttons. Um but um yeah. My personal preferences were ease of uh the easy to use remote control, because uh the user-friendliness and uh it can be more trendy in in user design. But um your new goal f was for uh people than less than forty years old. So maybe um the multi-function can be implemented in uh in our design. But it should b I think it should be a combination, but teletext buttons are not uh in our design. So it should uh take out, well, eight buttons or so. But my in my opinion, the the easy to use R_C_ is uh the best uh possi possibility for us. Yeah. And it's also i indeed uh uh Ruud's uh insight in the in the topic. Yeah, what what does the market want? I I don't know. Just for uh for user desi uh user uh friendliness I uh should choose for the the ease of use remote control. Scusi. Energies and uh Yeah. The glow in the dark uh concept uh we discussed. Succeed in it also. And what's the um if we use the LEDs, i does it use much more energy or Okay. For the same costs, it's can be uh in our Combined with the low-cost circuit board so it's uh Yeah. But I think Yeah, I think it's the same as in the cell phone, just light in in the device that that shines on all the buttons, and not for Yeah, but not for each button one LED, I think. Could you step a little bit more to the right? Yeah, thank you. Yeah. Sound signal. Yeah. The volume and uh the zap buttons are the mostly used. So Yeah, well it should just have a design The perfect design for those only those buttons. And first um Yeah. Yeah, the sound signal. Just one thing I'm just wondering, the sound signal, from where do you execute th the s sound? Another device is not a solution. It should be uh uh Yeah, but maybe you'll uh get some new technologies for it. Yeah, just like uh the phones the But but T_V_s don't have all uh uh buttons. Uh But I believe you will have an I'm convinced uh Sebastian will uh find uh one solution for us. But we can have just uh uh a home stat uh f a base station next to the T_V_. Just a little antenna or uh something. Well if you lost th I don't think people would bother walking to the T_V_ and press that button because they lost the their remote. Uh that's just uh just a base station next to the T_V_ is the best possibility. Yeah. And do we even uh prefer the sound above the the LEDs, the lightning uh function? It's a unique item uh It will be an a unique feature of our remote control. Yeah. And just about uh the user interface, I came up with um an easy remote control and an advanced remote control. What should we choose in in design? Well, the extra functions. Used option. Well, so it just th the basic functions. And we don't have to use it for D_V_D_ players uh and all kind of stuff. So Yeah. Just through uh the easy uh design. We can make uh a nice design when when there's not mu uh much buttons in it. So Uh just a few buttons, trendy design, nice lightning effects wh and the sound. Yeah, I don't know yet. But does it uh I then should n just use uh i instead of the stick, uh like many cell phones, just a round m well, should we just use a Um it's already uh oh, we have a blank. Oh. It's just an easy uh way of of a round button what which can be pushed in four directions. Instead of a stick. A stick is v vulnerab vulnerable when it's falling down or uh just a round uh button should be the trick, I think. Yeah. Geez. Well, volume and something uh like that. The programme up and down. And the vol yeah, the pen doesn't uh really does what I want. But I think our our next step to look at is just that. So I don't think it's um we have something to do. Uh we can't discuss it right now, because n no one of us have has the information to discuss about that, I think. Yes? Mm-hmm. 'Kay, but teletext is so uh is just scrapped. The ten digits. Oh, and just one function. The the the the programme to programme button, the switch to uh two channels, when you have uh something on channel four and something on channel six, just one button which which can uh change yeah. Yeah. Alright. Our B_S_C_ uh W_ uh The ten digits? Yeah, I believe so. Yeah. I wouldn't buy it personally. A remote control without the ten digits. Uh and I think the most Just elder elder people would would buy it, but Yep. The older people only use five of them. Yeah. On the design. Yeah. Yeah. So we have to i to make um a decision between the ten digits or the voice recognition. Mm-hmm. Twelve dollar fifty. I have nothing uh nothing to add, I think. But the cheaper the ch uh the the chip or th what was it? The circuit board. The fewer buttons you can use on it. Yeah, okay. Yeah. Well it then we should just uh take a look at the costs and uh especially for the voice recognition. No. We're done, I think. Me neither. Interface industrial. Yeah. Uh the only problem is it that it depends on the divisions the decis uh decisions Sebastian makes. About the voice recognition. Well Yeah. Yep. Adapt. That's it. 'Kay. I'll take the lunch.
Is there any time for a cup of coffee? Can I get a cup of coffee? Okay. Well, during my work I have no time either. So I think so too. It is. It is. Yes. Okay. Excuse me. Um Okay, it's still the right thing. Okay. Um well, there are some changes in the design requirements, so there are some changes in the method also. Um basically all this device has to do is send messages to a T_V_ set. And the m most easy way to do this is by uh sending pulses of infrared light to a T_V_ set. Well, I th I tried to uh implement a picture here, but it's hardly readable. Can you see it? No? Well Um, there's a energy source here. And um basically there it's connected to three things. The user interface connected to a chip, which is connected to the sender, which generates messages using uh infrared light, which are sent to the receiver. That's basically the idea. And there's a little picture, just for your imagination, how a device like this should look or can look. Okay. Um what have I found. Usually these kind of things consist of a battery, infrared diode, buttons, chips, and circuit board. That's all. It's cased together, nothing more than that. It's almost every piece of equipment um every piece of uh every T_V_ set is controlled infrared. There are some exceptions, but most of all have uh infrared controls. And uh the more luxury uh remote controls have lithium buttons. And I think that's what we w yes. In the and it's a little more a little bit more fancy also. So maybe we should consider that. Okay. I have a basic scheme of the things uh which are implemented. Um basically this is all there is. There's just one chip. There are a few buttons connected. Uh the buttons are lit. And the whole thing is transmitted by a infrared li diode, and there is not a power source here. So that's basically the total design of this piece of equipment. There's nothing more to it. It's fairly easy. It's been done many times before, and I think we should uh we should c s succeed in in our plan to do this. So Okay, so uh personally I think we should infra use infrared, because uh otherwise our device cannot uh communicate with uh almost every T_V_ set. So I think that uh should be clear. Uh another important point is uh we really should use uh energy uh sparse, friendly components. Uh there are specially uh designed um energy-friendly components which consume uh far less power than uh conventional components. And um if we want to use uh a rechargeable design or uh a energy-save design, we should really implement them. Um for cost-effectiveness, we should really use a very low-cost uh circuit board, um because most of the production cost are are in this uh part of the equipment. And um the money we save on using this we can use uh for elaborate fancy lighting uh techniques, blinking LEDs and all that kind of fancy stuff. I think our uh users will really uh will really like that. No, they're p f uh power friendly LEDs also. So we can use them. So that's no problem. Uh no, they're uh they're a little bit more expensive, but by uh um um making We can we can make its I think. Okay. Hmm. Yes. Well, it's not one light, it there are more lights in a in a in a mobile device. No no no, no. That's right, that's right. So well, this uh should be it. Um have a think about it. Mm. Or a find a finding function, you know. That's quite a yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, we should focus on that, I guess. Well, the technical uh there I think there are no technical difficulties. There's no um elaborate technique uh used in this uh kind of equipment. So um I don't think we have any hiccups there. So we can fully concentrate on developing a product that is really um what the market needs. So maybe it's a good idea to think about these buttons and and uh and a sound signal. Well Yes. Th that's a bit of that's a problem. Usually Oh yes. Yes. Well, there there are some devices who uh incorporate this technique already. Um there are video sets and um they have a special button, the find the remote control button. You press it and your T_V_ set starts to make a uh kind of weird sound, and your uh remote controls then start to beep. And um Yes. Yes, that's it. Yes, same thing. No, so we we should use something else. We do not control the T_V_ set so well. Yes, m yes. S and we b we want to make so it's is easy as possible for our customers, so we should think about It's quite complicated. Well, it's quite complicated. Because how can you separate the clapping sound from other sounds. Yes, yes. Well, basically the characteristics uh the characteristics of clapping is just an increase in the volume, the amplitude of the sound, which is uh generated a few times within a uh certain period of time. But there are many other sounds uh which are exactly the same from the point of view from a remote control. Yes, so we don't want that. Maybe we can Something like that. Well, is there not something f something more easily Well, I don't think uh. No, and y the the most important thing for people is that there's a central point to which they can go and uh b uh perform a a some kind of uh. And then uh the remote control uh reports itself, so w we should use have uh we should use something like that. You do not want another device, which can be uh everywhere in the house, which you have to find first before you can find your remote control. Yes, something like that. But that will be very costly, I think. So that's not a good idea. Mm-hmm. I will. Yes. Yes. But um before I do that I w I want to warn you that uh by implementing this kind of a function the technical design will become more complicated um and it will become more costly also. Because there will be additional components which which uh will be used. And there are some implepe imp Well, I I think so, because um when you have a p newspaper over your remote control, you cannot see it. So Okay. No, no. So that's out of the question. So I think also. Yes. Well, we should save costs uh by not implementing a lot of functions and uh the money that we can save from that we should use for uh having a nice design and uh thinking about the user interface and Yeah, that's right. Mm. Okay. Well, is it maybe there's another possibility. You can make it look like an easy s piece of equipment, but it's quite elaborated, uh because it has many functions. Maybe it's more important to make the make it look like a very uh friendly, easy to catch piece of equipment, but um nevertheless Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Ok like that. Well, I was more thinking about a more elaborate way of controlling, by by these kinds of sticks or something like that. I don't know if if it's user-friendly. That's your field of expertise. Mm-hmm. There's no, but there's no way to do that, because we cannot implement that kind of the system. W Mm-hmm. Well, maybe we can use a light for that. When you move the stick to a to a position, maybe uh a light next to it can lit up. So you know I've just uh pushed the button, or I changed the channel or t uh turned up the volume. Something like that. Yes. Oh yeah, something like that. It's not really a stick, but Yes. Yes. Hmm. Yes, yes. And Yes, and this also looks more fancy, I think. I think it it will attract uh more uh uh public, I think. But you're the marketing man. Okay, that's good. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Do do you want a list of functions? Do you want an explicit list? Uh which uh incorporates all function available on the device? Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Change. Yes, yes. Yes. Well you're the secretary. Mm okay, but make a s make a sub-folder for it, because it's starting to fill up already. Sure.. Yes, that's important. Well, are are you sure? I'm not so sure. Well, that's complicated, but is that so relevant? Because I don't think but you should uh shou you should know that. If it were so. Okay, I can imagine when I can imagine when you're when you have a satellite decoder and and you have, well, about six hundred channels, I can imagine you want this. But if you're uh a regular T_V_ user, and you just want uh to watch the the Dutch television networks, well, you can uh you can use uh about ten buttons. That's enough. Well, but how how often do you watch all these channels? No, you're probably right. Okay. But I think these uh ten uh buttons look a bit dull. Don't you think? The design. Okay. Well, y then there should be should done be done something specific with it. Mm-hmm. Okay, so you can experiment by uh with with shape or with size or with colour, that kind of thing. Okay. Well, maybe it can be combined with the find the remote control. So um when you add uh speech recognition to your remote control, uh it's very easy to change uh the channel. That's one thing. And it's very easy uh to find your remote control. So maybe that's a possibility, but I'm afraid it will be a bit costly. But maybe when we uh Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Well. I I think it should uh should work, it sh we should manage that. Yes. Well, the voice recognition has the main adva has another advantage. It's mas it makes it very easy for us to implement the find uh find the remote control button uh remote control function. So that's that's a big advantage, I think. There's only one disadvantage uh by implementing this. Um the power saving power saving will be a bit more difficult. So we can expect that there will be a less longer life to the batteries. But maybe can we we can think something smart about it. There are some uh hybrid hybrid devices which incorporate a solar panel and rechargeable batteries. So when you just leave the device in a in a light room, it charges itself. You have to do nothing for it. Maybe, maybe not. I'll have to find that out. Yes. So No, that's very cheap. It's Oh, it's very cheap. That's no problem. It's just a a case with two uh metal contacts. It's Yes, but they're they're mass production. They're very cheap. So it will cost us p practically nothing. Yeah. Profitable. Um I just want to make a summary of all all things uh spoken and uh the different possibilities. Um so uh basically we've decided to implement a seemingly uh easy design. So on the outside it looks easy, but uh we can make it easy on the inside or elaborate on the inside. So that's one the those are the choices we have to make. But I think there's a big advantage in making it more elaborate by uh implementing uh speech techniques, uh voice recognition, that these kinds of things. Um it makes it also more uh attractable, I think, to our uh audience. Um there are some advantages and some disadvantages, and the main advantage is that we can implement uh fancy techniques, which uh I think our customers will like. The disadvantage is that there are some concerns about uh the the costs and um the things like uh battery lifetime, energy saving. Uh another advantage is that the circuit board will become much more easier if we do not do not implement these buttons. If we just add uh uh a chip which does the voice recognition, uh our circuit board will become even more cheap. So that's another well, it wa it w it was an issue, but we also thought that we already thought we should do it as cheaply as possible. And this even uh makes it more cheapy. So Mm-hmm. The circuit board. The fewer buttons you have, the ch ch the cheaper the circuit board, yes. And it's very cheap uh to incorporate uh uh an integrated circuit, a chip. So that's that's another advantage. So Yes, because I don't know Yes. I d I really don't know. So It can be costly. Maybe not. Yes. Yes, I al I I hope my personal coach will uh have a lo uh look at it. How nice. Well, we understand. Well Mm yes. So we drop the voice recognition? Or Oh. Okay. Well um do we really have to decide now or can we decide next meeting? Okay. Because I'll have some updated info on that uh Adapt. We can have the lunch.
Hello. Almost. Uh if it if it if it's wireless I could just uh put it in the. Uh okay. Yeah, uh b uh most. Oh, user-friendly. Well you could only lit uh the buttons the buttons that are used most. So, the channel switching. Or Hmm, true. Oh, mine is already outdated. Since uh Okay, make Well Uh then I'm sure the target market is uh ten million units. Of of which we should sell about uh forty percent to make the five million. But um since uh the other part is uh forty percent of the market, I uh thought earlier we might want to constrain that portion of the market. But uh since uh the requirements changed, that's uh not a good idea. Uh well, skip this. Well, it's this till true, of course. That they only use ten percent the buttons. The buttons to zap are used the about uh fifteen hundred times, when uh the power button is only used one time. And the volume button's only four times. So they're obv obviously uh the most important buttons. And uh lots of people complained they kin can't find their remote control. So we might want to build in a feature to uh support them. Some uh audio signal. Like uh home phones. Or Yeah. Well, I just said that. And uh well, this obvious, and he also said it. Uh that's about it, yes. Uh mo uh zap buttons most. Volume, they are uh use a lot. But more than all the other buttons. So Yeah, that's uh a problem. Yeah. Yeah. And you Yeah, and usually And even if the T_V_ set would have such a button, uh you would have to walk to your T_V_, and it's And b So if if you'd be watching a movie, it would constantly beep. Yeah. Yeah. I have the numbers r I have the numbers right here. Well, t uh we won't support teletext which which was the third-most the second-most used function. Uh well yeah, channel selection is obviously the most important. So Yeah. Yeah. So Nope. Uh well if we um include other uh innovative functions uh then they uh might, 'cause young people uh like new features. So And if you use that stick for volume control and channel uh selection, you have the m two most important functions in one uh button. Yeah. A younger uh Huh. And it's also quite easy to use, so it'll it uh attract younger people because well new, and it might attract older people because it's easy to use. Mielsen. Yeah. Well, if you want to go to channel ninety and you have th that button. Well But Yeah, and if if we And if we are targeting at the younger audience, they will probably watch more channels than the older people. So Well And And um there are some numbers about uh speech recognition here that uh younger people would like it. Uh it might be expensive and uh hard to implement, but it would be a solution uh for Yeah. Especially elder people uh don't like voice recognition. So then we should implement such a but Yes. M And uh if we if we could inc uh include a c a cradle in which it could recharge, then there wouldn't be uh a big problem. 'Cause when Yeah. Um I think we dealt with the most important information. Just that the younger part of uh the market isn't the forty percent we uh want to sell to. So we we should uh for least a bit uh look at the uh older people. But with uh buttons like that, which are easy to use, we uh might attract them too. So I don't think that's a big problem Yes. Yeah, profitable. Yes. Hmm. Left. Hmm. Yeah.
";There are some new requirements for the project: the device will have to be for TV only, they should ignore the teletext function, as it is dated, and, also, the remote should be recognisable as a Real Reaction product. The target group will be people below 40. The UI preferred an easy-to-use remote to a multi-function one. The function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip, and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver (the TV) via infrared. The use of infrared, energy-efficient power source and cheap circuit was suggested. The remote could light up via LED's placed inside. Functions like zapping are very prevalent, as well as complaints about remotes being easy to lose. It also transpires that customers like innovative technology like speech recognition. The design can focus on such customer needs, like finding a mechanism to locate a lost remote. The functions of the remote will include a back button to switch between two channels, volume, program selection, and speech recognition, with a focus on simplicity of design. 
"Bongiorno. Punish. You wish. Welcome. Uh Yeah. No. Alright. But they like dark colours, you said in the p Okay. Well then I suggest that the corporate colours are grey and yellow. I had Or we could make oh. Yeah, o o I'm thinking about uh the Bananarama telephone uh telephone from uh Siemens. The yellow uh rubber telephone. It's the it's the rubber uh cover. And it's uh colourful. It looks likes a banana. We have the fruit, we have the colours. We have the simple design. Um thirty five. And the b the light blue and it's also in yellow. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, I don't ha really have much to add, um because most of things we already said in uh the previous uh discussion. Um Uh the previous ideas were voice recognition and uh the round button for uh the p channel programming and uh volume. Well, a few interface I uh I found on the internet are are these. These are both with uh with voice recognition, but they're very advanced and very high-tech and just um, well, a weird um shape. So I suggest I couldn't uh I had a small uh mock-up uh sign on the on paper. But it didn't work. My pen didn't load um the information. So I made a really simple f uh a shape on uh in um PowerPoint. But we could make uh a round uh an oval uh um remote control. Uh yellow. But if you have something like uh the Siemens phone, it's rubber. So it's easy in your hand Uh indeed. Yeah. Great. Oh and um to add on um Ruud's information, in this um interface we can have uh high-tech with the voice recognition and uh, well, the the fancy colours and uh and so on, and still have the ease of use, because we have an easy interface. And all the other remote controls are high-tech in buttons and uh and so on. Yeah. So if you have the voice recognition, you can you can programme like thirty uh um thirty c uh controls on it. Yeah. Right. Great. Like the watch. But if you're watching a movie, how many times uh you take the the remote control and and if uh if you have a watch, you have the kinetic uh idea in a watch also. You you walk and uh but uh you you're sitting on a couch. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Oh, we can just make four push-buttons in a form of a round. But I th I don't think uh the scroll-wheels I had some I had some information about it too. I don't think there's any possibility for us to use scroll-wheels. I d I can't see uh any uh scenario where you would use a scroll-wheel with a button on it. Yeah. Yeah, uh that's a possibility, but But Flores, think about a scenario where y where you would use the scroll-button for A volume, okay. Yeah. Wheel. Yeah, I believe uh if you have uh what we've earlier said, um the grip uh places in in the remote control. You have your hand on one place on the remote control, so you have to place all the buttons in a range of your thumb. So in that case uh the volume button on the side uh of the remote control would be perfect. Yeah yeah, you can um I have some information about it. Uh in the voice recognition you say a word you can programme words like uh v uh volume up. Of mute, let's say mute. Um you programme it, you m mute and you g you give um an uh an action to it that that's really the mute function and uh when you speak in the the remote control, it repeats uh your saying. So that's the sample sensor. So if you say mute, it says mute again, and then it's um well, I believe it's uh Yeah, and then uh he he repeats its action what which he believes it is. So you say mute, he repeats mute and you makes a computer sound mute, and then goes to the mute function. Yeah. Well, I don't have um I haven't looked for uh for information about it, but I don't think information uh y I don't think you need it on a display. Especially when when we have to look at a cost, I don't think uh 'cause uh uh all any T_V_ can uh can uh view a digit on uh on screen, yeah. But what about um the markets uh wants colourfuls uh designs? So if you use titanium Okay. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. And I would think And they can be implemented with a regular chip? Okay, but we also uh we already need the regular chip for the sample uh sensor speaker oh, evalu But most infrared uh remote controls don't have to be pointed at all. Well, if you if you take your hand before it, okay, it won't work, but you can point it just to the other wall. Yeah. And the regular chip. And and the scroll uh scroll-wheels. Yeah. No. Think so too. But we already have the scroll-wheels, the sp uh the speaker uh the speak recognition, the rubber, the fancy colours. Um no. Nothing more. Uh but uh can't scroll-wheels uh work with one uh one-curved case? Yeah, okay. Sorry, yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. The project drawing is for the next Yeah, right. Single-curved. But can there be uh wor can they work together? Or do we have to choose between them? 'Cause if we have to choose yeah? Okay. What if not? Okay. Yeah. Grey and yellow. Yellow case and grey buttons, I think. I believe the But you have already um you must have a red uh on and off button. And um Well well Well, there is. Just a week ago, a keyboard manufacturer would print, with and uh No. A scroll-wheel. Voice recognition, of course. What what did you say? Yeah. Yeah, or you could use plastic buttons. In the rubber. Yeah, b But then you just have the the fact that um the drawings on the buttons will disappear eventually. What I said in the in the first uh discussion, uh the digit six on the button, it will disappear when it's from rubber. It is not uh something uh it's no information I read about it or so, but it's just from No, but but uh it Yeah, b yeah. Yeah, that's possible, but then you have still the images on the rubber of the case. So still then, if you feel uh li uh if you feel your remote control, you just rub on the cover, so you rub on the painting. Yeah. Yeah, but but the the plus or the minus. You have to draw the Yeah, it's on the cover. So if you uh You just move the problem. Y uh can you separate these uh these I do. Or the s uh the sideways. Or the the back. Or the back. I think Yes, especially when there are l a few buttons on it, you have uh a lot of space to touch. So you just have it in your hand completely or or i you play with it. Yeah. Yeah. Regular. Use with.. For the finishing touch. Uh yeah. But um Sebastian has everything.
Hello hello Mister P_M_. Well, that's where the thinking goes on. I think you should punish him. You're the P_M_. Possibilities, yeah? Yes. So Not at all. Okay. Just press the okay button, it works. How surprising. Oh wait uh wait up. Uh so do you think um when fruit and vegetables are important for clothing and shoes that they are in remote controls also? Not something dull. Okay. But can you can you go back to that slide? The uh just one slide back, no no no. Yes. Okay, and the feel of the material has to be spongy. Has it something to do with that uh natural feeling also, do you think? Okay. It's quite interesting. Yes. I don't know the phone, but I can imagine it. Oh, that one, yes. Now I kn uh oh, I know, I know. Yes, I I've seen it. I've seen it. So So ease of use is important, but technology is twice as important. And what was even more important? Okay. So that's the most important thing for our customers. Mm-hmm. But it's it's kind of uh it's kind of o organic, so that's very good. Yes. Slippery. You have to grab it. Yes. There are there are also remote controls who have uh a little shape underneath where you can put your fingers in, so you can get a really good grip on it. So you you don't have to um attain much pressure to it. It's it's a lot easier. So m Yes. But I'll I'll go into that deeper in my presentation. Okay, but I'll I'll go into that, because there are are some possibilities and some impossibilities. Um I had a talk with uh our manufacturing uh division, and uh we had a talk about all the different components um who are in this design. Uh these are the things we've looked at. And of course I used the web to uh find my information. About the casing, we have three different casing possibilities. We have the uncurved or flat case. Uh that's the most common uh remote con control form uh we're used to is just a it ju it's just a box. I'm sorry I I don't have any pictures of uh of this thing. We have uh a curved one. It's uh curved in two dimensions. You have to imagine it's a bit like a wave form. So it's uh a little more advanced in its in its shape. Uh and we have an even more advanced uh shape, which is curved in three dimension. I c I think you can compare it a little bit with the uh big grey image uh you had in your presentation. The the big remote control, something like that. But it's quite uh advanced and it's it's quite daring to to use I think. Um for these casings we have uh different types of finishing. We can use plastic, which is uh very slippery and maybe not so nice, but you can give it any colour, uh which is the same for rubber, but it's not slippery. We can use wood and titanium. Well, um we cannot use the titanium on the double curve cases. And these latex cases, there's there's just the plastic ones uh won't allow the use of solar cells as an energy source source. Which brings me to the different energy sources. Um well, we even seem to have uh hand dyn dynamos for uh powering our uh remote controls. You really have to imagine like winding up your uh I d It would be very new, but it's a kind of a retro uh style, I think. Uh Well, this is quite interesting. Uh there's there's also a kinetic energy supply. So um when you're watching T_V_ uh or when you're you you have to um make some kind of energy kinetic energy by shaking the remote or throwing it against the wall, whatever you wish. It have it it has to move, that's the the sense of it. And you can store the energy in the in the thing. Mm-hmm. It's very funny indeed. Mm-hmm. Indeed. Mm-hmm. Yes. But you know you know from your own watch your watch uses uh a minimal con it consumes a minimal amount of energy. the the shaking of your body, which is almost uh every activity makes your uh body shake, uh it charges it. But uh the problem here is that it it supplies a a very little amount of kinetic energy. So I think uh you have a problem when you're watching a movie and uh you haven't moved the remote uh i remote control in a in an amount of time, and you want t to switch uh the channel or something, well, m it might not work. So that's something you have to keep in mind. So, but maybe maybe there's a possibility com to combine it with m uh traditional batteries, so we can save on the batteries and um when there's enough kinet kinetic energy, use the kinetic energy, and otherwise use the batteries. Uh yes, it does. I'll come to that later. And we of course have the traditional uh solar power, which is just uh uh uh uh uh a piece of material on the remote control which transfers light energy into electricity. The user interface controls, um of course we have the push-buttons and uh we also have scroll-wheels. And these scroll-wheels can also be integrated with buttons. So it's just like a mouse. You can scroll 'em, you can also push it. Um uh in the indicators we have the L_C_D_ displays, which means uh you can watch uh in a display w which channel you have chosen or something like that of the li amount of volume which is uh currently uh and we also have double scroll-buttons, which are just two of these things. So we don't really have the the kind of button we had in mind in our uh uh in our last meeting, the the thing with the the round with the four Yes. That is possible too. Yes. Mm-hmm. Well, mayb uh well, m me neither. Maybe when you integrate some functions. Uh it's do it's done before. Yes. It's quite quite good, yes. Well, it's it well, i what he means is there's an button integrated in the scroll-wheel. There's no scenario where you use uh the button in the scroll-wheel. You just use the wheel. About mute. Well, yes. Okay. Yes. Well, okay. Well, that that that's one possibility, okay. Well, okay. It's quite goods. Mm-hmm. Yes. Hmm. But it's done before, uh there are many other devices um like uh telephones and our uh radio, pocket radios. We use this. And Well, it's it's been done years ago and I don't see it anywhere now. So maybe it's not no. Hmm. Yes, but it uses two separate buttons. It doesn't use a. Well. Uh something for uh Roo here. Wi within reach. Yes, you have to. Yes. yes. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay, um we have to know, if you want to use uh these rubber double-curved c uh case, um you must use these push uh push-buttons. There's no way you can integrate L_C_D_ displays. There's no way you can integrate scroll-wheels, because it's all curved. There's there are no uh flat areas where you can incorporate these things. So that's a limitation. About um the components, uh just the hardware. We basically have uh three types of chips we can use and uh these chips incorporate all the Logica and um um uh hardware that is needed to send uh to send a signal. Uh we have a simple, regular and advanced chip. And there is something like a sample sensor and sample speaker, which is a little cryptic uh to me. But I think that's the the voice recognition thing that we are uh thinking about. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. So so okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Okay. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. Okay, so that's basically the the voice recognition item we were searching for. Okay. This sample sensor uh requires an regular chip, I thought. Um no op I'm not very sure. No, it's not in here. If we want to use the L_C_D_ display, we really need the advanced version, which is a bit l little bit more costly. If we want to use the scroll-wheels we need the regular version. And if we don't want to use uh any of these uh more advanced functions we can keep with the simple uh chip, which is a bit cheaper. Okay. Um no, but I think that's something for uh Roo here to think about. I I don't think either. No. I don't think you need it. Okay. Okay, well my conclusion, um unfortunately the market has decided the a little uh other than I thought. I thought um the market would like uh a sort m sort of titanium casing, but they seem to like natural uh stuff. So maybe we should think about uh wood finish. Um I've chosen the more battery with solar cell uh solution for the energy. It's more reliable, it's cheaper. So I don't think we should use the dynamo thing. The kinetic thing it it's it's a possibility. It's it's more advanced, but I'm I think you should combine it with batteries. Otherwise it will not too advanced, uh well. It's in in in some way it can give us an advance, because you will save on your batteries. But Yes. And I think it's more robust. It's more uh Uh it's more functional. The titanium thing uh we have to skip it. So I think we should skip the titanium uh stuff, and we should uh use wood or something like that. Oh okay, sorry. So it it needs to be rubber. Okay. Okay, spongy materials. Okay, um well um these scroll-wheels, I think uh they they can be they can be handy. So Yes, they can. But they really need the regular chip, you cannot use the sa simple Well, I'm not very sure. Maybe that's an uh a different I think so, if you if you stick with the the simple uh straight-forward uh not curve design, i uh it's too dull. I don't think c our customers will like it. And um if you uh take the double-curved, uh then you cannot um you can only use the rubber buttons and you cannot use the scroll-wheels. So I think this is the best of two worlds. Yes. It's it's uh I uh I can imagine it's very dull to talk to a device w if you have to point to another device. It's very unlogical. Well the there has to be some pointing at. But All lights get absorbed, yeah. Yes, because the walls they they reflect the infrared light. So it has an it's easier. Um I suggest we use the the sensor sample. Uh the sample sensor and sample speaker. Um with a with a regular chip. I think uh it gives us the advantage of Yes, yes. And uh skip and skip the L_C_D_ part. I don't think it it's any uh value added thing. So Okay. Technology. Yes. It's not very flashy and new. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes. Uh I think our customers will go insane. It's it's too much. Okay. Uh the n the next phase will be um the um not the what is the next phase f Flores? Okay. So i Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Yes, they can work. They cannot work with double-curved. That's that's problem. I'll check it for you. Yes. Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. So you will be on the Bahamas. Uh Okay. So can you uh give us a summary of all uh decisions we've made? I'll do. Okay. W start with the casing. Okay, single-curved case. Okay. What about the energy source? I I think they can. Yes. Well, uh It it should be. There should be really no problem. They can be supplementary. That's no problem. So So uh uh just uh the energy source is um the batteries and the solar. Okay. What about uh the finishing of the case? We have decided we wanted to use the rubber? Okay, and I think we should use the company colours. Something like black and red. uh black and yellow. Grey yellow, okay. Oh, I think it's uh it's not very dull. It's quite modern actually. Don't you think? Hmm. Okay. Okay, but uh I'm afraid it's not possible to print a picture on uh the device. Because uh I agree it would be nice to have have something like that on the device itself. But Oh, I've read. Yes. Yes, but our manufacturing department is not so advanced in its uh techniques. They're actually very slow in its techniques. So So I'm afraid it's not possible. Okay, so scroll-wheel. But there will be some additional buttons, I guess. And th the they should be spongy also, because they're they're rubber too. Well uh you can use well, when you use the buttons, they'll they'll be made of rubber too. So it has th the spongy uh feel also. So I I think that's okay. Yes. That's okay. Yes, the signs. Uh I see what you mean. Well, maybe that's possible, because um uh our manufacturing division also offers plastic finishing. So maybe they can combine these two. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Well, I'm I'm not so sure, I think it c should be Well, I'm not sure, I have to ask with manufacturing, but I'm I'm not sure that's what you want, because our customers specifically ask for the spongy feel, and that's what you get with rubber. So if you want the spongy feel, you need uh to make these buttons all all of rubber. I think both. I do. I think Okay. Um not quite. Um what about uh the chips? We use the regular chip? Okay. And Well no, I think that's about it. Yes. The only difference between the advanced and the regular version is that the advanced uh version of the chip supports L_C_D_. That's all. And we've decided not to use L_C_D_. So Okay. Okay. I'll put it online.
Um Mm, don't think so. Unless uh things have suddenly change again. Uh don't know. Maybe uh you've got new information, like uh last time. Okay. Oop. No. 'Kay. Hmm? Oh.. Yeah, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. My method? Well, findings. Uh Ease of use is important, but uh innovation is more important, and a fancy look and feel is uh even more important. And uh some fashion watchers have found out that the young target group likes fruit and vegetables in their uh clothes, shoes and furniture, and that they want spongy material. Probably watch too much Sponge Bob. Uh the older group uh still prefers dark colours. Simple shapes uh m material. But we since we are concentrating on uh the younger group 'Kay. Well, uh one example given was this, so um I assume they just want something colourful. Not uh specifically uh an apple as a remote control or something. No, uh the younger group likes uh more colourful uh objects. But Which one? This? Yes. Uh well, it might. But personally I wouldn't like a sponge as a remote control. But Maybe soft material or something. But not a real sponge. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, and like uh the older group likes familiar materials, but that doesn't mean we should use wood, So Well, this this is an example of what they would like. But since we're conten concentrating on uh the younger group, I think we should use soft materials and uh make it colourful or uh like cell phones, exch exchangeable covers. So we could provide both for the young and the old what they like. I've seen it, but 'Kay. Uh that's about it. Yes. Uh soft material. Uh the fancy look and feel. Yes. Apparently. Yeah. Um Uh well, it's obvious obviously new. So it might attract uh the young customers. Hmm. And yeah, the yeah, the older people liked wood. No the Yeah, the younger people liked soft material. Yeah. Yeah. Standard? Nah, um n no, I don't think so. M Hmm. Or black and yellow. Yeah. Uh didn't did we inc uh include the digi digits or uh leave them to the speech recognition? 'Cause things like uh volume could be uh placed next to the button. There the icons. So you don't touch the icons that much.
Do you need to change anything on it? Because otherwise I will already open it. Okay. Is it much changes? Uh I didn't No no. I do hot have Only the same information. Hello, Sebastian. I believe uh Miss uh Tentel is with us as well, in the control room. Oh, it's that Roo again, always late. Bongiorno. Hmm. I see some interesting okay. People, welcome back. The third meeting. Um I have some points I would like to uh some some issues I would like to point out. Um first of all, um if you make minutes yourself as well, uh like Sebastian does, um could you put them on the shared folder? If you do not make minutes, no problem, but it's easy for me to see what you uh wrote down, so I could uh can uh um use that in the in the report. Um the second thing, um I was th uh s thinking to myself, I have this little remote control, and I'm talking to it, but I still need to point to the television, because it works with infrared. That's quite strange. Okay. We'll come to that later, I g I think. Um the agenda for now uh uh are there any pre-discussion questions? Okay. Um we wi we will have your individual presentations, uh then the decision on the remote control concept, um and uh the closing. Forty minutes in total for this. So um I think we we can immedis immediately start with the individual presentations, um the progress you've made. Um I think it might be smart to look at uh Ruud's um information first, because I understood there are some uh significant changes in the market situation. Um yeah. Uh w wait a sec wait a se uh could you go to the previous slide? Um because I'm taking minutes and it Um were the important themes enclose. Yeah okay. The feel of to be spongy Okay, so so, yeah, it might not be t uh it it shouldn't be too hard. It it maybe it rubber or or yeah. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's interesting. You could make a few v very colourful ones, and uh a very traditional co cover. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, it is, it is i yeah. Yeah. Do you know the phone? It's the Siemens uh C_ twenty five, I believe it's it's the one the Post-bank uh gave away, the very You kn you know, Ruud, as well? About th Okay. Okay. Um uh okay. Do you have uh thit that was Okay. Okay, so the the m uh important findings are uh innovation is more important than ease of use for the our target group. And um colouring is important and and uh soft materials. Okay. Okay, Roo, could you do your presentation? Okay, well it's good to to sum up uh the things we already thought about. Shape. Yeah. And what I'm thinking about, maybe um we should make very light but um uh a grip um I mean this is how you hold a remote control. Um it shouldn't be too uh glatt, too slippery, s because um Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah, ex for your fingers, yeah. Yeah. It grips automatically. Yeah, okay. Okay, good. Yeah. Way too much I think for our goal, yeah. Okay, b but I think we'll yeah. Okay. Well, it would be very new to the market, but Yeah. I think um, if if I can hook on to that, um the kinetic thing is very funny. I mean solar is of course it's nice, but it's, well, your uh your calculator has a solar panel. Um hand dynamo Well, maybe m Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah. And wha Okay. Yeah. Okay, because I guess the voice recognition feature u consumes quite a f uh a lot of power. Yeah. Okay. Well This will be the remote, right? Um with uh maybe a channel selector. What about integrating a scroll-bar on this side? Because this is how you keep it Volume? Well, what about mute? Thi i i m I guess uh th this is my volume button. And I can either on this side or this side um And click it to muten the device. And and it makes it different from the traditional uh devices on this market. So I'm looking for a way to uh make it a little different than the traditional ones. So maybe um I guess that that's something you two uh need to think about. Uh Ruud, wha what do you thing about uh a scroll-bar? Uh scroll-wheel. Okay. Yeah. Well, all the Sony telephones use it, for example, for volume. Nokia has a well, okay, it's not really a scroll-wheel, but on their side th the the volume button is on the side, because you gri grab it like this. Yeah. I know, it's not really a scroll-wheel. No. Yeah. For you too, yeah. Okay. Sebastian. Um Yeah. It performs the action. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Uh well uh d did we already decide on the display? To No. On screen display. Yeah. Okay th Okay. Good. Kineti okay. Okay, it's maybe a bit too too flashy, too yeah. Yeah, but that that's the same with the solar cell. That's no different. Yeah. Okay. No no, but the uh um that's what Sebastian said. He said uh this is what uh this is my personal preference. But but yet, I understood that the market is different. So um No, r rubber with colours. Colourful and Yeah. But but do we want the curved uh uh design, or I it's too dull. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, what about um the issue I um addressed at the beginning of the meeting? Um the voice function w with the infrared uh issue. Because it it's of cour Yeah. Well It depends also on your on your Well, it depends on your walls actually. If you have uh have um smooth walls, it it it probably you're probably right. But if you have carpets on the wall, which our natural loving friends probably do have, then um yeah, th th it might be a bit more of a issue. So Yeah. I like the scroll wheels uh idea. Yeah. Well, it looks uh yeah, well um according to Ruud, the the the market likes um new flashy technology, and I mean L_C_D_ is well, ok I know, but it's m it's less um s standard than than Well, we are not very w we do not know uh much about the the f the financial part. That's the problem. Because if we do have enough um space in in our finance, I would say do integrate it, because it it adds a little ext extra high-tech feeling to it. Mm yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay, I I agree. I think i Ruud, do you have any um anything you would like to um add or or maybe thoughts or No? Sebast uh nee, Roo? Roo, do you have any other Nothing more. Um Sebas Well, we we need to describe uh decisions now. So um on the energy, well, we decided. Chip. The case uh rubber with uh c one one uh one curve. User interface um Um then the corporate identity should be uh in the product. I guess that is something for Roo and Sebastian. Uh you talked about it before, the colours, grey and yellow. Keep it in mind. And um the buttons, well we talked about it now. The next phase, um Sebastian, um is um the design of the look and feel. The user interface design. And for you, the product evaluation. Um I'm sure your personal coach will give you more information on that. Um and uh the I_D_ and the U_I_D_ need to work together on the prototype drawing on the SMARTboard. And I'm going uh to plan my holidays. Yeah, it's it's uh when we come back in thirty minutes, uh you will have a uh prototype ready. Yeah? I can. Um maybe one of you could write it down. Great. Um Uh you you need to help me. Um The casing is curved, single-curved. Traditional batteries uh and solar. No, they can be complementary. Uh al al I uh Every device Yeah. Okay, um th Battery and solar, yeah. Yeah, with colourful rubber. Uh if it's possible with uh different um covers, but I'm not sure if our suppliers can uh can help us with uh with such uh uh a wish. Uh grey and yellow or black and yellow. Yeah. Yeah, although I don't think that's very colourful. Except for the yellow of course, but um I could think of a more uh attractive uh c uh set of colours. Well, I was more thinking about the fruit colours that the Ruud showed us before. Well, it it doesn't have to be red. Uh I mean th uh I think these colours are really what our young people are looking for. Um so maybe it shouldn't even be two colours, it should be a full colour cover with such an image or or I mean thinking in two colours is is too black and white for our m uh c uh market group, I guess. Black and yellow, yeah. Okay, so we have to deal with wh what's possible here. Yeah. Okay. Um more f more more decisions we made. Um Um The scroll-heel. Yes, the voice recognition we already decided. Yeah. Uh I'm going to leave that up to you two. Yeah. I think rubber is nice. Because it uh i I mean what do you touch the button, and what do they want spongy uh uh devices, or or i. Uh is that uh does our our supplier say so? Yeah. You could place a um uh this this would be the button. The scroll-wheel, I mean. And you could place the indica th th the signals the No no, there's no painting, only uh yellow or But it's into the rubber. Yeah, but this is on the pla yeah, I know. Um I think uh I know which you understand af uh I know what you mean. What about um making this rubber and making this plastic? Yeah. Well actually, we should have it the other way around, I guess. A plastic cover with rubber finishing. I mean, this is this is the finishing. This is um what's on the edge. What you feel. But the front, on which the the buttons are doesn't have to be rubber. I mean I know, but do you touch this or do you touch this? I mean, I I never touch between the buttons. Yeah, the side, exactly, the sideways. The side, but do you touch between the the these buttons? Okay. Well, we do not have very much time uh left. Um I guess you two have to figure that out. I'm going to leave the decision to you, um because you have to make its prototype, and um yeah y you have the most knowledge about the suppliers, the possibilities and uh so I'm going to leave it the decision with you. Um Sebastian, did you write enough decisions down? Yeah. Okay. With those regular chips we can still uh control advanced functions. The chip is is not really Okay, well. Yeah. Okay. Um okay, then I think we are uh quite finished. Um I'll see you guys in thirty minutes and um Yeah? Yeah, um if you write wrote anything down, uh could you put it on the shared folder? Yeah. I know, but well Great. Right.
";"For the conceptual design, the marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote, and could also provide themes for other target groups. They could also add some rubber to provide easy grip of the device. Cases can be flat, single- or double-curved. They can be made of plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. Hand or kinetic dynamos, batteries, and solar cells can be used as energy sources. Possible interfaces are push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCDs. A way to make this device different would be to use a scroll-wheel on the side with integrated button for volume control and mute. Speech recognition can be implemented by adding a sample sensor and speaker on the remote. The final decisions also included combined battery with solar cells. The team will design a single-curved device with a scroll wheel and speech recognition, in black and yellow, the company colours. "
"Okay. Could could I see the scroll bar as uh as as a sort of shortcut? A a and the voice recognition as well, th maybe you could uh could uh Yeah. Okay. Okay, good. And and the case is is rubber? And the buttons? Okay, and uh the colouring? with with grey or black. Okay, we'll we'll come to that later. Um okay. Anything else to add or Yeah. M uh yeah. M m but maybe you do want a programme button to uh for example activate the voice recognition, or train the voice voice recognition. Yeah al although by pressing the button for I n don't know two, three seconds, you could also say it you'd disable it with a little beep and and but o okay, that that's not really really important. The basic okay. Okay. Um you thought of some evaluation crit criteria? Okay. You are nameless. No. Okay, so this these are the cr uh the criteria. Okay, well the then we'll switch to my presentation. Um The production costs. The costs are not under Can I Um this is the Yeah, it's it's w way above um uh above the the the twelve Euro fifty. And what makes it very expensive is uh for example the solar cell. So I guess we should skip that, because it's not that important. Yeah, the the price, the the number of items and the the sum. Um well, this is what I would call our luxury model. Um if you would if you look at the uh w w w what we could do to make it more um to make it just between the twelve Euro fifty, um then I did the following changes. Twelve Euro forty cents I came up with by leaving out the solar cells, um by not using the voice recognition feature, because it's uh it's a four Euro uh addition to the price. Um Yeah, I believe Uh, push-button, well It makes it the thirteen yeah. Push-buttons are buttons are are not the most expensive, but do add extra cost. So um yeah, th this design is not um within our price model. Um Yeah. It's still too expensive, yeah. Um I I guess if we leave the if we leave this one out, um oh. And uh maybe not use the special form. It becomes a very dull remote control, I know. But it's the board decision. Um And um yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I know. Maybe we should look at an uh focus on another uh Yeah, m uh maybe not not all that fancy, but just way way more easy uh uh um basic and uh m maximise the profits and um Yeah. Yeah. I know, I know. Yeah. Although I think we yeah, but we could still make uh a remote control that ap uh um applies um more to young people uh by giving it another colour already. Um so it is possible to make uh uh a device that attracts a little bit more to young people. Um but uh I agree it's it's not a fancy high-tech uh device. Definitely not, no. It's not that innovative. Or however you s pronounce that. Um so, okay. Um Oh, this is the wrong one. So uh that means redesign. We do not have the time o uh now to to redesign the product. Um but we can evaluate the process and um uh uh the satisfaction on how things went. Um I'm not sure if we need to evaluate uh the device first. I guess Yeah. Yeah, that's true. We l we can learn. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Well I d it is it is Yeah, I think so. You like the rubber, uh Roo. Yeah. No, I'll I'll I'll give it a two. You like tita That's a flavour as well. Right. Um Yeah, I know, but but it but that's fancy in the way um I mean fancy has has a lot of Yeah. Yeah. It applies. It yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I I agree. Well, with the voice recognition feature and uh No, we are evaluating this this uh design now. This prototype. Yeah. That would have been a thrill. Yep. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah. Uh I'm doubting doubting as well. Um Yeah. Okay. Uh two or three? Three? Wha wh what would be your guess? I mean ease of use um does not only apply to the most basic functions. It's the uh it's it's overall. Is the device easy to use? Yeah. Yeah. Um Okay. Uh Roo, a three? Ruud? Okay. So I could make it e easy? Roo. No, I haven't said anything yet. Okay, but if I would say a three, then it's six, and four is ten. Divided by four is two point five. But I'm filling in a three. Does it will so it will be a two point five. Yes, it is. I have a veto. Exactly. It's not about the content, it's about okay, um is it easy to f Yeah, definitely. Yeah, or beeps or yeah. I'm here, I'm here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I uh we should not uh stay too long on this subject uh because of the time, but I personally give it a one. Um Sebastian? Right, well. The feel of the remote control is spongy. Well, uh it can't be more spongy. So No okay, but but for the options given, it's the most spongy one. Yeah. Yeah. They're out there. Yeah. I'll give it a one. Yeah, I know, but you have to name a fig uh a number. Because we need to go on in for the time. You are okay. The remote control offers enough features. Well, Ruud, what what do you think about it? Yeah. Yeah, I know. What what we didn't talk about is um uh I think it has. Yeah. Bec because you can um we didn't talk about it, but you do have uh remote controls that are able to adapt another signal. So, you place a a regular uh remote control in front of the other one, hit the one or the two or the three, whatever, and it r records the uh the um the the signals. So you could uh uh uh enter any comment you like, as long it's able to as long as our device is able to reproduce the infrared signal. So I think th this uh this is uh a a remote control with a very high level of features. Although there are i a few buttons, but the inside is is quite uh advanced. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Okay, um let's give it a number. I'll give it uh a one. For for the for this t uh type of market, I think it's a one. Yeah. So high quality, low acceptance. The product is is is uh b high qua uh has a high quality and and is uh advanced. But whether or not our clients are are um willing to pay twenty five Euros for this kind of device is doub is well, is not sure. D do you agree? Yeah. Maybe we should have a radar uh function. Twenty five Euros. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Bu but well yeah, I know, but you're paying for th for the brand, because there are uh remote controls which control your stereo, television, D_V_D_, C_D_ player, for under twenty five Euros. Yeah.. Yeah. Okay. Um you had an overall rating. Um That's counting. Okay. Okay. Um we'll go further on with the the rest of the evaluation. About the project itself, not about the product. Um What did you think about uh the process, the project process? Ruud? Try to translate that. Any any other Uh, Roo? Roo. Yeah. Better decision. Yeah. Less. Yeah. So we could we we could be we could've been creative. But um it was tempered by the choice of components and the the price. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, Roo? Any other thoughts on that? Ruud? You agree, okay. Uh leadership. Okay, Roo's on for his promotion. Okay. I think so too, it's it's it's uh of course a laboratory environment. I missed it um to be able to contact you in between and uh say uh, hey Roo uh. Um Yeah. So um Yeah, but but si uh w w w when taken in account the the situation, uh I think we performed pretty well. Yeah. Um the means, the SMARTboard, the digital pen. Did you like 'em? Because of the response or Okay. Uh Okay, so it it had to be um better aligned, or what's the word? Uh yeah. It it was calibrated just before this meeting. Uh the one before, the third meeting. So uh it's not the calibration, it's the thing itself, I think. Uh Ruud, w uh did you use the pen a lot? Or not at all? Not at all. Okay. I thought it was quite a handy uh thing, although I would like to see um O_C_R_. Yeah. To digitise them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I know. Yeah. Okay. Um What w Uh Ruud, what did you think about the SMARTboards? Yeah. Okay, you can't really decide. No. I missed a feature to easily select uh a slide and uh distribute it to the laptops. I think that would be very easy if you could say okay, I want to use this for my own work or my own presentation further on or Or the other way around, that you could show but m I know. I know, but I know, but we couldn't use that feature, so I missed it. We weren't able to do that. At least the um I wasn't explained how to do such a th Okay. Yeah. Okay, so y it it's not even as advanced as paint. Yeah. Okay. Uh no. Yeah, the project is evaluated. Um but, well, we need to redesign uh the product. Celebrate. Okay. Um you're dismissed. No, I think we are uh ready. Private room, Roo. That sounds quite scary. No, let's find uh the way to.. I don't believe so. Well, maybe we'd get an email. Thank you for your Forty minutes. A minute or or ten maybe. M Yeah, ten or five. So, we can uh redesign our uh Uh I would like to Oh. Yeah. Yeah. It's blue tongue. Yeah. This is a new model. But Blue tongue. It's spongy.. That is uh it's a new feature next to Bluetooth to um disable all Bluetooth devices. Um Yeah, we're done here. Gentlemen, thank you for your cooperation. Yes.
Like this one. It's important. Uh I think th this is device which which has a learning curve. Um novice users u use this device as uh normal users use uh a c a remote control. And after a while they start to develop uh some skills in the the voice recognition functions, and then they will not use this dial as often. But other users who are new to this device need something like that. They n they need to understand what uh how to change channels and uh change the volume, so it's easier for them Yeah, maybe so. Yes, it's Well, it's it's it's another approach, it's more that our um. There are there are many ways of doing uh things uh on such a device. It's it's quite easy. Yes, rubber? There are plastic or rubber. Uh yellow with uh grey or black or something like that. Whatever cost uh cost uh the least. No. Uh maybe we should uh think about these buttons. But Yes, but it but these are tasks that are only executed once, I think. Or not? Well okay. Okay, yeah, that's right. Or something li like that. Yes. Is it spongy? I believe it's fancy too. Okay. Well it's very expensive. Okay. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Okay. But I'm afraid it's not complete. Because we use spec uh specic uh special materials, the last item. And you have not added one item there. So it's c way too expensive. But it Yes. Well, b basically it when when this is our only option, we should even consider changing the casing, because I think there's very little added value in uh an enhanced case with these dull functions. So Type of m maybe another market segment. Yeah. Yes. That's maybe that's better. Maybe we could uh we should go for straight and simple, but that's not what uh has been asked. So we should kick the board's uh Well Hmm. Yes. Well, maybe it's good to do it anyway, because if we evaluate it, we we can also determine if our objectives are good. So Is it fancy? I think so. But it's not that fancy. I mean I think uh I think it would have been more fancy if we used the titanium housing the casing. It would be even more oh, you really like titanium. I'm I'm into it. It has flavour. Yes, that's right. You should taste it. It has to do with fashion, I guess. So do Okay. Yes. I think I th I think it would have been I would have think uh it could have been more fancy by using the double-curved case. It would have been even more fancy, but we decided not to, because if we use a double-curved case, we could not use solar. So Yes. Yes, I agree too. It's okay. We did yes, we did good. Well, let's let's this product. So I I I think it is. I think it's innovative. No. It could have been a little bit more innovative u by using the kinetic uh energy source, but it's it's way too yes, but I think uh it's a two. Well, but there are two parts in this remote control. What you see here is is the basic part. Everybody can use it, so that's easy to use. That's for a novice user. When you have a more advanced, elaborate user, well, such a user really would like to explore all these additional functions. So in that in that way it is advanced, and I think it's easy to use for for both uh types of users. So uh It's maybe it's not very uh easy for Okay. Yeah, that's right. You're right in that, but I I guess uh an advanced user will will find the voice recognition function easy to use, because he is already he or she is already an advanced user. So After all, I think personally I would give a two. But So, it's two, two and three. Two threes. So that's ten. So that's w No, two and a half. Six and four. Six and four is ten. Divided by four is two and a half. So Yes. Four? Two? Divided by four. That's not even But that's not possible to fill in, so we have to round it. Yes. It it most definitely is it's very easy. Yes. Maybe Uh I I think I think something like that. Maybe you have to uh programme it once, so to that l respond to uh a certain word or a certain sentence, something like where are you, and then it will sing I'm here. So something like that. So, I th Yeah, me too. Well, it can be. There are cases um in which the outside casing is um can be uh how d how do you prono is is moldable. No, it's not one of our option, but when you look in the market, when you look Uh yes, but that's not that's not uh what they are talking about, I think. Because we compare all these uh characteristics characteristics with uh market uh with with the real market. So there are uh remote controls out there which are a lot more spongy. They're out there. Yes, but it's not good enough, so it's a two. You take one? What do you give it? No no no. Uh I'll I'll change it, I'll make it m my my mark will be a four. Basically it's it's completely programmable. You can add very m much functionality by uh using the voice recognition mode. So it's quite advanced. Yes. Has uh the signals sent to it. Absolutely. Yes. But that that's its power, I guess, because uh a regular programmable uh remote control contains, well, uh really a lot of buttons. At at least uh forty buttons. So it's it's quite s complicated to get uh to get used to. And this is quite s simple. You can use your voice to to programme it. It's Yeah, I'll give it a one. Yes. I I've I think we've uh succe succeed in in developing a product that's actually quite good, but not for this kind of market, and not for this kind of price. So Hmm. Yes. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yes, I agree. I Yeah, okay. But Yes. M about fifty Euros. That's quite ex well, it's not it's not very expensive for a remote control that that has this functionality. Yes, it's more than fifty Euros. It's quite expensive, yes. Yes. Yes, but you can you c Yes, but you can learn this thing, all these functions. And it's easier to use because those uh remote controls don't offer voice recognition and this one does. So I think it's worth its price. Well, it's it's about one point five. Something like that. Well Well, I think Mm. Actually, we had Yes. We had we had too little information actually. So And uh um the the the well, looking at room for creativity, there was w way too the the choice of components was way too narrow. So there was not really a process of uh Well Yes. Well, in the first meeting we we already were very creative. We we thought of possibilities who are not possible uh with the the current uh offer of uh manufacturing components. So We're tempered by that, yes. Yeah, okay. I think we're a good team. Yes. Well, I tried once, but that was not allowed. I think so too. Uh. The digital pen was okay, but SMARTboard was really bad. It it's The response is very slow and the possibilities are very limited. It's not accurate. Maybe it's it needs to be calibrateds. It is? Okay. Okay. I I think so too. Yes. Yes. Mm-hmm. But I think it's a great solution for uh for uh a known problem, uh writing down some notes, some some inf uh information, and then um forgetting your notebook somewhere and losing all that information. Because you have everything in one place and it's quite easy quite easy it's it's possible to make this information digital and share it with others in a quite easy way. I think it's a good product. I only think it's th the the shape of the pen is too big. It's not quite uh ergonomic. Eco ergonomic. Yes. Yes, yes. That's quite what PowerPoint does. An object, yes. Yes. The drawing cap capabilities are very limited. And and uh w you were when you're using uh Windows, you're used to a certain interface and certain buttons, uh which you can use for drawing. And a lot of these buttons don't appear here. So it's Not not uh n not way. It's quite uh limited. Okay. Oh, very good, celebration. Pop uh pop up the champagne. Okay. I see some action over there. Okay. uh we're done, we're finished, I believe. So, are there any more cycles in this process? I think not. But um how much time did we get for this meeting? And how much time is left? Ten minutes. Okay. Okay. Well, I think we we we all know what the redesign should be. A simple, dull, uh one-coloured box. No, it's it's just the same product that is already on the market. What is that? It's a giraffe eating a eating leaves from a tree. So you're actually promoting Bluetooth. Or blue tongue. Blue tongue. Okay. Let's wrap it up. Thank you Mister manager. Now, let's have uh a bottle of champagne..
Well, you could use two of them to programme the um channels on the two channel button, 'cause you have to assign two channel new channels. You Yes. Uh my name is not name but Uh well, I used the the uh documents. And these uh were the most important criteria. It should be. yeah, that's uh how the fashion guys uh state it. Fancy look and feel. So Uh well appar Yeah, but apparently uh we shouldn't evaluate yet. So Yeah, I think these are the most important criteria. So uh that's about it. Um well, since we're not gonna manufacture it anyway Uh Yay. Is it? Is it fancy? So uh one? Is it uh And w yeah, w what they want wanted was uh colours and soft materials. So in that way It it's fancy. Okay, and uh was it innovative? Yep. Yeah, and uh So uh also a uh two? Is it easy to use? Well the p the most important function is easy to use. The the zapping, channel switching, volume. But the more advanced functions are probably a bit harder. Good question. Uh I'll go uh for the two. Hmm? Huh? Yeah. I yeah. Yeah, two, two, three No. Is it easy to find? Yeah, I agree. No. Uh this this was a most spongy option. Well yeah, it depends, 'cause it's the most spongy we could but yeah. Well, if I give it a one there'll be one hell of a calculation. So I'll just give it a two and make this a one point five. Well, the basic layout doesn't offem offer much, but the voice recognition could add a lot. So Yeah, depends. Uh depends on what you uh implement in the speech feat Signal. Um I think think a one, 'cause v with a voice recognition you could add anything you want, so that's like um Maybe even because it doesn't look advanced. Yeah, but uh with these ratings uh should be about one point s seven, yeah. Ye The prices. I agree. Draws. No. Not really. Oh, I only use it to draw a rabbit, so can't say much about it. No, or the other way around. Yeah. And no added value. At all. So In interesting design. Oh uh it it does uh have a natural uh feeling. So Yeah..
That's the same as uh on the top of it uh with the the round uh button. But uh we don't uh we don't uh we do think it's um well what if with ease of use, w which prefers the which the the customer of the user prefers. Plastic or rubber. Well, yeah. And a button for disabling the voice recognition. Yeah. That's the basic idea, yeah. Of our prototype. So just walk through it step by step. I mean, is it fancy, everything I believe uh I believe it's fancy. Oh, sorry. Twenty two. Yikes. Why does the price and and the s oh, one uh exa yeah. The number of uh yeah. And and does it But that's that's only for the buttons. So the button we can use plastic. And the pla uh And a plastic b just plastic buttons, a plas uh instead of rubber. Yeah, too bad. Mm-hmm. Um the yellow rubber, I think so. I'm into it. It's trendy trendy, fun yeah. Well, just give it a two. It's not the ultimate uh fancy two, but Yeah, but that's sti that's uh Looking at the user uh needs, we only uh don't we don't have the double-curved case. We w we do have uh the rubber, we do have the colours. That's two out of three. So I believe uh we are close uh to two. But that's not in it. Ov or can we Okay. And the scroll uh wheel. The solar not many remotes have the solar, I think. Yeah. Well yeah, the voice recognition of course is hard to learn, I think. Well, hard it's not for the for the e for the elderly. They won't use it. I think I think a three. Wouldn't give it more. Yep. If you make it a four it will be three in general. If he makes it a four. Not a three. Darn. Nee. A seven, a three No. A four and a three together. Yeah, you have a two, he has a two. Three? And a three? Nee. I know. Yes. So if you want to have the conclusion as a three three. Then you would make a four. If you fill out a four Yeah, we haven't re uh re uh really worked it out, but you c you can you can just say find and he repeats find. Yeah, but that's the that's the the basic idea of the the speaker uh But even without it Yeah. Me too. Was it one of our options? So, in the in Yeah. But I think in this case in this case we've done the best we could. I wan I'll take one. It will be a one. Yeah, but it ha doesn't has the digits. I believe it's If you uh ask yourself it offers enough features, I don't I don't think it is it has all the features um a normal remote has. Yeah. I'll give a two. But we could couldn't uh what what's the selling price? Fifty? Uh twenty five. And costs were twelve fifty. But even now, if only our production costs w uh were exceeded the double, Think. Production cost was were t uh was twenty two? So uh selling price uh would be uh yeah. That's price, but w w No. An original remote control of any T_V_ kind, uh a Phillips remote control, y you pay uh Yeah, I kn I know uh from a few years ago, it it it costed hundred Gilders. Four six seven eight. Nine divided by six. Hmm. Yeah, I think uh The process was good. But w um we weren't aware of the prices of the costs. And and that was the the big deal. I if we knew that before, we c we could have made the the choice between what yeah. No, no. Fantastic. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Response and Uh it it has yeah. Yeah, it's not accurate. The p the pointing of the pen is not um the place where it it writes its um uh where it uh Yeah, where it draws. It's uh the drawing on on the b on the board is r right from the pen. So uh You to take in account that your you m yeah uh It's too slow Hmm. Yep. If it has O_C_R_, uh I think uh I would use, but uh I I just uh took notes for myself and and and that's it. It w it w yeah. It was necessary for me to uh Yeah, because if I want something on the computer, I just type it. I type faster than I write. So Economic. Yeah. But y you can if you save this image, you can open it in your shared work folder. So it's almost yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm.. A and the function of of filling an an uh an oval or an an object. I it's not possible yeah. Oh it looks like paint actually. Great. It was a privilege working with you. To private rooms? But you see the problem, y you can't continue your uh your line. Well, it's fluffy alright. Spongy. A giraffe? Right.. Leave it here. That's alright.
";The UI and ID presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design. It can be used as a normal remote, but the speech recognition also provides a more advanced alternative interface. The speech recognition works as a finding mechanism as well. The rubber case is yellow with grey or black, with buttons either made of plastic or rubber. An extra button could activate/deactivate the voice recognition. The prototype proved extremely over budget. The main contributing factors were the solar cell and speech recognition. One way to compensate for the loss of features, but still attract their target group, would be to add more colour to the design. After the costing, the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad). The criteria used were fancifulness (2), technological innovation (2), ease of use (2.5), whether it is easy to find (1), sponginess (1.5), number of features (1). Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (choices too narrow), leadership and teamwork (happy with it, but they missed communicating in between meetings), and means (SMARTboard was not satisfactory, but the digital pens were alright, but not too useful). The delay in providing costs of components was criticised. 
"Okay, good morning. This is our first team meeting. I'll be your Project Manager for today, for this project. My name is Mark will be giving this presentation for you to kick the project off. That's my uh that's the agenda for today. Well, of course we're new to each other, so I'd like to get acquainted first. So let's do that first, I mean Let's start with you, can you introduce yourself? You're our Marketing Expert. Okay, excellent. And you are User Interface Yeah. Excellent. Okay. What should it look like? Okay. Oh, let's kick it off. Oh, there we go. So, our new project is about we need design a remote control for television set, so, which has to be original, trendy and user-friendly. I took this off our corporate website. It's I think well it sums up what we need to do. We're inspired by latest fashion, not only electronics, but also the latest trends in clothes and interior design. That's why our product will always fit in your home. So apparently we need to um be very at um very open to what's currently hot in the market. So that's what you need to do to bring us the latest info and what people want. So So we put the fashion in electronics. So that's what we need to go for. Anyway, we'll take this project in three steps, three pha uh three phase of design. First step will be the functional design. And that's basically what we're gonna do. Everybody has uh a piece of individual work and a meeting afterwards, so we can share information about So I'm gonna keep this short, since we had a technical problem. So skip through this. Uh. Okay. Every meeting we everybody can present their uh their views and everything, so to help with these, you have we have the SMARTboards here. We can use a regular PowerPoint presentation. I'm supposed to give you an introduction on this doodling board, so it's actually it's very easy. Like it says, very simple, you just take out the pen. Like you see here, I'll just take the take here. That's it, you just put it on the board. You see a pen here. You go here, just like using a pen. You can just draw whatever you want. It's like the eraser, can erase whatever you want. And so it will be easy just to illustrate your views, if you wanna change the format, you just either take out jus just like the pen, and whatever you want, your current colour, your line width, just to make the line bigger. So it should be really easy. This is to take the just take a new slide and back again. We're just gonna keep using this board all the time, so I think it will be it's very clear for everyone, I suppose. So I'll take this out. Okay. We'll use that later. Anyway. Yeah, just just just stuff that you wanna share, just put it in the in the project folder, like I put my presentation now. I'll put the the minutes of every meeting, I'll put them there too, so everybody can read up if they have to leave early or whatever. So next, been here. Well, gonna give the electronic white-board uh a shot. So basic idea is we have a blank sheet. Just try whatever you want, and like it says, draw your favourite animal. I think the creative genius should go first. So, draw us your favourite animal. Draw us a technical animal. Yeah, it's still erasing. So that's what we don't want. We want a high-responsive product. So It looks more like nuclear bomb. Let's go easy on it. Anyway, it should It It's supposed to be a dolphin, you like the freedom that it that it represents. What do you like? Okay. Well, our Marketing Expert. Show us an animal. Pick a pick a pick a clean sheet. Oh. Take a clean sheet first. Just press next. That's it. It's a cute elephant. It's a nice beard. Okay, so it's just a bee. So I suggest you make us the elephant in the market. The big and strong player in the market. This would be good. Okay, excellent. On to the next one. Press next. Yeah, it's up there. That's it. Sure looks smooth. What does it want? Okay. I agree. Yay, I'm supposed to draw the animal next. I introduce to the world the amazing ant. Great team-workers. Do everything to Uh really small, but together they're really strong. So I'm gonna give it a smiley face. Not sure where the p. Just put 'em here. Whatever. Think it need shoes. So I'm just too lazy to draw it all black, so That's the coolest ant ever. I love to draw ants. It's my hobby. Anyway Nah. Just I think it's very representative what we drew, I guess. Like you take just take your freedom and use a a trendy interface that you design for us. Just Yeah. You're supposed to make i make it different from uh from what other people have, and just make it a little distinct. Anyway. another beep to stop the meeting. See. Warning. Finish meeting now. Uh put this down. Examples. Well I guess we have a little little time extra, but Just a little quick discussion to to open open our work. So what do you guys think about The first idea is just very short. I'll start with you. What are y What are your first ideas for the new product? What The project I got was just for a T_V_ remote control. Yeah, I guess so. Okay, so very intuitive design, I guess. Yeah, we want I suppose we want almost everyone to be using it. So I think I mean, really disabled people, yeah, might be a problem, but I think it's a little take it into consideration. Um yeah. I think we really need to cut the meeting short. You have anything you wanna share quickly? It should be light, okay. Um, let's see, where did I Let's skip that. Oh, this is it. Sorry, I skipped this sheet. What do we This Quick What we're going to Selling price, twenty five Euros. That's for you. The production price, twelve and a half Euros, approximately. Just go go for that. We'll reach the uh reach that profit. No, it's not much to work on. I'm sorry, I skipped it. Anyways, that's Yeah, this is it. Do you have anything you you came up with yet? About uh marketing transfer, whatever? Marketing I'm not sure what you what you came up with yet. You have anything to share? Or else we'll cut the meeting just cut the meeting short since we're supposed to stop. Okay. Anyways, the the personal coach will give you the your p your personal assignments and everything. So we'll just meet back in here thirty minutes. I'm sure we have that. Yeah, thanks for attending. I'll see you back here in thirty minutes.
Morning. Yes. Um my name is Dirk, Dirk Meinfeld. Um I will be uh Pr Project the Marketing Expert. And I will see what the user wants and uh what we can do uh with the new produ project product. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Very nice dolphin. Um an animal. I like the elephant. What? Yeah. Um Oh yeah. Oh, a blank. Okay, next. Free, I like the elephant. It's big, it's strong, so uh uh Oh, it's a little bit You have to hold it, right? Hmm. It's a beautiful animal. Oh, you have to p press it pretty hard. With a smile on it, it's very important. Yeah. And uh not to forget its tail. Oh. Yeah, it's okay. Yes. I will beat the dolphin. No. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Uh yeah. Yeah. Experience with the tiger. What? They are Okay uh-huh. Oh. Mm. Okay. Uh hard worker. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Uh Yeah. But Yeah. Uh. Yeah. Selling price. international. Um about what? Marketing? Um no, not really yet, but I've some ideas and I will uh say it uh Okay. Okay. Yes.
Morning. My name is Xavier Juergens, I'm the Industrial Designer, and there are three main questions that I have to find an answer to today. First one is uh what happens inside the apparatus, second is what is uh the apparatus made of, and the third is what should it look like. Uh-huh. Mm. Okay. Okay, you should press next. Okay. Okay, well the animal I'd like to draw is a tiger. My drawing skills are really bad, so. They are really bad, my drawing skills. I'm not sure how the legs should go, but Uh these are stripes. I've picked this animal because it's very fast. It is uh it knows exactly what it wants. Uh it hardly ever wastes any resources. Uh well, basically uh it hunts for prey, but it does it always in a very well-thought way. Uh it knows exactly what it wants. It never kills an animal uh just for the killing, so it's very efficient. And it tries to do everything as fast as possible. And it always goes for uh security, in seeking uh uh a hide spot and uh and doing everything, security, speed and efficiency is important. And I think uh those things we can use. Yeah. Oh. Hmm. Only one thing uh that has to be added according to me is uh the the material it is made of, it should be something light. That's it speaks for itself, but some uh Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good luck everyone.
Good day. Nick Broer, User Interface Designer. I'm going to uh look at the technical design from the uh user point of view. The creative genius? Thank you very much. Well, I'm more into the technical aspects of drawing, so I'm not really good at drawing animals, but uh the animal which I Oh. Pen. Uh format. Else my animal will be like king-size. I pretty much like a dolphin, because of its uh its freedom basically. Let's see. A head. actually worked with this. It's like uh it's a very Uh high-tech. Bit low-responsive though. Prefer pen and paper. It doesn't look like a nuclear bomb. This thing isn't doing what I'm What I want. So Yeah, well it does look like a nuclear bomb. I'll just finish up real soon, because I'm So it doesn't really look like a dolphin, but then again, this is all new for me. Like the ocean, like swimming. Do that in my spare time, so that's basically an Now we can forget this ever happened. It's not really that responsive, no. And you was making comments on my dolphin. You picked a hard one, didn't you? Got it. You've done this before, haven't you? Well, I basically had a question. Do uh Are we going to introduce a multi remote control? Is it just the T_V_ or do we want to in Just for T_V_ remote control. Okay. Well, I was thinking about design remote control, with our uh motto and all. Uh thing to keep in mind is that we need to stick to what people are familiar with. No rational changes or whatever, 'cause it revolutionary changes, yes. Uh we might have to consider other design aspects of our product. So that was something I wanted to add, and perhaps some usability aspect. T_V_ is becoming central in most homes. Do we want people who are disabled in any way to uh, yeah, to be able to use it as well? Yeah. Okay, well that's not that much to work with. Mm, good luck.
";The goal of the project is to design an original, trendy and user-friendly remote control for TV. The team comprises the project manager, the marketing expert, who is looking at user needs, the user interface designer, looking at usability, and the industrial designer, working on the engineering and materials. The project will be completed with three further meetings: the following meeting concerns the functional design. The project manager gave a quick overview of the equipment available. The remote  needs to be produced for 12.50 euros in order to be sold for double that amount. The whole team tried out the SMARTboard, by drawing their favourite animals. Afterwards, they discussed briefly their first ideas, including the use of light materials and usability concerns. 
"Okay, we Mm. Okay, that's fine. Um. Okay, now work a little with me. Okay. Well, let's start it as it is. Okay, uh the method. There are a few questions that need to be answered, uh you already uh talked about it a little bit. Which buttons are wanted, uh is our remote control universal or should it be programmable. Uh if it should be programmeab grammeale then we need um something like a mode that you can switch it. Because then the buttons have to send out a different signal then they would normally do. And uh how big is the remote control uh going to be? I'll tell you why that's important to me. Um there are a lot of technical parts in the remote control, so uh uh that's why I also would like to say uh go a little bit easy on the designs, uh I heard ab uh you talking about beeps and about uh video screens, but uh the material inside and the technical aspects are quite complex already. So keep in mind that everything that you keep uh think of, it has to b to be built. So it's that's not as easy as it s might look like. Uh material study, I'm working on that um for the the costs. I have to check out how far I can go with that. Normally, a circuit board is made of fibreglass uh and the wires are made of copper. Uh that is how it is done and all the remote controls work that way, I think we can just go on with that. Um then I've read more integration of materials means less cost for the production. The more we can make uh at once uh in one piece, uh that is cheaper. Exactly, so if we make a circuit board with the the connections already on it, then that's cheaper. So we have to make something that's not too difficult in design again. This is what look like uh looks like if you press one button, so this is not the entire thing. You have the the power coming in, then you have like a switch. The switch uh uh uh if you p press it then some electrical charge goes into the processor, that thinks over a Morse code, that's how you should see it. The Morse code goes to the amplifier, then uh the signal is sent to two uh light bulbs. You have infrared and an interv um uh how to say it? Uh a light in indication, light that you know that it's functioning. Uh here again, that's my story about the different modes, if you do want to make remote uh universal, then the processor has to uh make up a different Morse code when some button is pressed. That makes it much more complex, so we really need to have a look, do we want that or not. Uh I don't have any personal p uh preferences uh so far, except for uh the materials to be used uh light, that they are light. That was it. Hmm. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Hmm. No, I think this is a good idea. But Go ahead. Y Yes, I think so too. Yeah. Okay, uh Mm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. I have to check that out, I'm not sure. That must be possible. Ja. I'm sorry, whe where do you wanna hit the T_ you wanna we want a button on the television. In th okay, but that rules out a universal remote control. Because that's not possible uh. Uh. Yeah. Exactly. Okay, then uh I'd I'd like to know now if we want the uh universal remote control or not, because that's uh determines everything I'm gonna do. If not Okay. Okay, then I go for that. Yeah. Okay. No, it's fine with me, but then I know what to look for. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Exactly. I already noted that. Mm, okay. Okay. Hmm. If we uh make a remote control with changeable covers, then we can also make uh a cover for every language area. That's fo is uh especially for older people, that they can read it read it in their own language. That's okay, okay. Huh. Uh okay. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Okay. Uh but I know that the buttons are like a Nokia telephone on uh one sleeve, so you don't have to change your whole cover. Uh we can make something that you can only remove the sleeve. Know what I mean? It works the same as a Nokia telephone, it's it's in my uh 'kay. Exactly. Hmm. Mm. Yeah. I don't think so. No, I don't think so. Because the television needs to respond to the signal, and if it doesn't know how, it's Exactly, that's not possible. Hmm. Mm. Mm. But that might be broken. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm okay. Mm. But I think there must be a way uh to invoke the more complicated functions of a television. For instance, if your old remote control is broken and you buy ours, then uh you should be able to get everything out of the television that's in it. Because otherwise you'll lose functions by buying our Okay, I thi I think so too. And I think that our r remote control should not look like uh any other. For instance uh Sony makes all their remote controls exactly the same for all their devices, and you always grab the wrong one because formatting of the buttons is exactly the same, only the labels are different. We should not do that. Exactly. Mm that's your uh division. Hmm. Yeah. Perhaps we should also make uh something like a flash on it, if you if it's lost, for people that are deaf. They they won't hear the the beep. Yeah. Uh. Yeah, it's true, but it's it's only has to do so when you press the button that it's lost. So. deaf people? I have another idea, I'm not sure if it's possible. Mm. Yeah, me too. Shall we uh also look if it's possible to make a rechargeable remote? That you don't have to buy new batteries if every Mm, yeah. Uh. But that's already possible. Yes. Yes. Okay. Uh you could make a device, but I'm not sure how that uh is possible with the costs, that you can put in normal batteries, rechargeable, but it you're the remote also can act as a recharger. So then you can choose, you have every decision. Know what I mean? You can uh put in normal Penlites, rechargeable Penlites, but they can also be recharged with the remote, with a wire. So but But I think that will cost a lot. Uh a normal wire would be better. Like a like a P_D_A_, a hand-held. You can uh just put it in the electricity and it charges itself, you don't need basic station. Yes. That is possible, that's true. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. Mm. Yes. I'm going to try to find that out. I'm not sure if there's information available on this, but Hmm. These are uh comfort issues. So I think people will pay they wanted to pay for comfort. Well, this is comfort. Yes. Hmm. Yeah. Exactly. I think this is a brilliant product. I would buy it myself. Uh. I like the covers. That's a brilliant idea. I never thought I hope if I have information about that, I'm gonna Mm. Yeah. I would like to make a decision. What it costs and what kind of materials that we can uh choose what we want in it and exactly, I need it. Was it not possible to uh send emails around the office? Not. Yeah, okay. What uh what did you wanna say? Mm. Mm. Mm. But that's the question, is it? Because it needs to be configured in the television under the menu. If it isn't, then we cannot reach it. I think so too. I think so too. Uh isn't there a possibility to do research on that, so we know that for sure? If you rule out functions, then uh and that gets known, then people are not gonna buy it. Then the consumer bond or something says uh you cannot do this and that with it. That's a bad bad com commercial for okay. That's true. Hmm. Hmm. Did they really said it like that? Those two things. Do they realise how much that costs? That's almost undoable. No, that's that's. Even if i if we have this lost unit, then we cannot do it for that price. Yeah, that's true. Mm. Hmm. Uh. Uh I But I really need finance information. We all do. Mm. Uh. Hmm. And the design, it should differ. This is Philips, huh? Philips has this. Okay. Hmm. Uh. Mm. Oh, I realise if we make it small, then it needs to be a little thicker, because I need to put all the electronics in it. If we make it s uh smaller, uh less wide, then we need to m make it a little thicker, because I have to put all the electronics in it. No. Hmm. Me too. Ah but. Hmm. No. M I personally would prefer it on the top. Huh. But it Hmm. Mm. Hmm. They want it uh. We should just try to make that if it's possible. If it is possible we should really do it, but we need that information. Also keep in mind again, the L_C_D_ screen is very flat, but it needs transistors, resistors, I don't know what more and that needs space. So I have to look if that's possible. But if we Hmm. Hmm. If we have a a space issue, we can also lose one battery. It is rechargeable, so we can stick with one instead of two. That might be an option. Yeah, but if we need two batteries and an L_C_D_ screen, that means a lot of space that we need. But it has to be a little bit heavier. Okay. No, but the things behind it. space. Like a process uh. I like this one more. Mm. Mm. I'll try to. One more uh thing I'd like to say, uh let's give this uh a name, and not like some vague serial number that no one understands, like with cars. Shall we all try uh to think about a name? Good luck. Yeah, I've Do we uh save the?
Yes. Sorry, a little bit of pl little problem with computer.. Uh. Yeah, sure, no problem. Um there was a little problem with my computer so not uh the whole uh presentation uh Yeah. Um Okay, and I want to open the my s oh no. Oh no, that's okay. Uh slide show. Yes. The functional requirements, it's uh uh very important for uh the user, he he wants to yeah. The the method we used uh it it's not m not a slide, because it went wrong, but the method we use uh, um we tested it w uh with uh a hundred uh men, and we asked them to w uh what the remote uh f feel uh like and uh what what's uh important. Uh People, sorry. Both women and men, yeah. Okay. Uh the findings um uh seventy five percent of the users find most remote controls ugly. Um Yeah, and yeah, most th th they want to spend money for a better system, for better remote control, so we can do uh a l a little uh nice things with it, and um they use yeah, they use zap a lot, um uh fifty percent say they only So that's the most important things. Um oh yeah, not all of it is it on mine on my PowerPoint presentation, but um uh the relevant buttons are the power, the channel selection and the volume selection. It's uh the most basic buttons that a user wants uh to use. Uh less important is tel teletext, uh um they use it, but it's not uh very uh important uh on the scale of zero to ten they six and a half uh and but not important is the channel selection, the the hmm? Oh, the the no no no no no, that's very important, but uh w and not important in the audio settings, display settings and uh Yeah. Um new preferences preferences. Uh um um beep to find your control, was that was in the test, the the most people uh f find it uh irritating uh when they cannot find a rem their remote control, so uh I think it's a bee beep to sound it and uh you can find it. And another thing uh they want was uh speech recognition um so they can say uh what they want to let's go to channel one and uh that's uh kind of things. And they want maybe an uh L_C_D_ screen um to to look it um wh what's on every channel uh and uh what do I want with it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um Uh my personal preferences is uh a button for my favourite channel, so I can uh I dunno, so I can zap to my uh f uh quick uh to my favourite channel wh what I uh so, the remote mu must see or um must um see wha what mine preferences are for which channel, so I can zap t to What? Yeah. Yeah. Recognise Yeah. Yeah, that's uh what my personal preference like. No, itself. Maybe it's easier to to sell it, but I don't know it's manageable, but we will uh we will see. Yeah, it's a little bit uh it's the end of it. It's a little bit uh I lost it, the computer uh crashed, so. Yeah. Darn computer. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Mm uh. Yeah. Uh. Yeah. B Yeah, and they want to pay for it and uh With more Where with more technical specifications in the Yeah. Yeah. But oh? Yeah, with with an L_C_D_ screen you can Why? Nokia w Uh. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mm uh. Yeah. Um Everyone uh wants to buy it, so we w yeah. Yeah. Or one. Or when you say one two uh i it uh it's enough, right? But Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. But b But every Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Mm yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Um yeah. And uh with different colours uh. Okay. Yeah. Uh. And a light uh Volume. Uh it's it's fine, I think. Oh d Yeah. Just And L_E_D_ uh on it. Just a light on it or Very important. Oh, that's It's And But you r And you are reading from the t you always read from the top to the the bottom of it. Yeah, so it's Yeah. So i it's sorry? No, it's no. Uh. Hmm. Or or with the volume selection. Around uh not uh not at top at the around the volume selection. I don't know where exactly, but Wha No. Yeah. Yeah, that's better. On the right. Yeah. Maybe it's more ex expensive. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah yeah. Yeah, that's g But Which Yeah. Yeah. But Yeah, they want to pay for it. Yeah. Th uh there was not a el ask esque But But f hmm. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Yeah yeah yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My computer crashed, so uh I lost my uh presentation, but I have the uh Yeah, but I Here I have the the s the homepage of uh our internet, and here is my here is my marketing report, maybe you ca you can look at uh that and Ah yeah. And one And uh wha what people want, I've uh I have another thing uh Yeah. Um Uh what I al already said is the the uh the remote controls are always lost, but it it's also for people, they want to learn it fast, not uh they want to No It's yeah, it's easy to learn wi and uh Um And The If Um If um Another thing I want to say is that uh we are looking at the market for the age uh younger than forty. Um on my report, I didn't uh ish I didn't show it in my uh presentation, because my computer crashed. Um they want to pay for an L_C_D_ screen and speech recognition. So i yeah. Yeah, and Yeah. Uh but If if they So uh we can We can look at the possibilities for an uh L_C_D_ and uh I dunno. Yeah. How much it will cost and Um It will come uh Yeah. Different colours maybe. But all Okay. If you're reading from top to bottom, I think it's better to put it uh at the top. It's j Uh. But i if you if you are going to uh put the L_C_D_ on it, I think it's very important to use it, uh because it's use it uh But nee the function of it. So you can use it maximum, because uh it's a lot it costs a lot. So Yeah. It's expensive to build it, so you must use the maximum of it. Huh. Uh. But uh Yeah, I know uh. In middle of it. In the middle. Yeah. It's the most import yeah.. Finish meeting now. It's on your computer. Uh. Or And uh what about speech recognition uh Yeah, yeah, but or or an L_C_D_ or an uh speech. I think it's L_C_D_ is better now. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, okay, yeah, that's yeah, that's okay. Oh, good. Yeah. Same...
Oh, there he is. Go ahead. That's pretty shocking uh. Which channel selection? Oh, okay. Is that manageable? 'Cause it sounds pretty expensive too. Okay. Okay. Shall I go? Okay. So, some technical functions. Basically I have some issues which you discussed earlier. Uh let's just start with the method. It sounds really easy, what does the user do, what does the th remote control do, but there are quite some issues. So the things I'm going to concentrate on are the user aspect, because the technical aspect, that's pretty much covered. We can do that. What goes wrong at the user. Gets the remote control. Where is the remote control? We've all had it once, I want to watch some television, where's the remote control? That was one of your ideas which you posted in the network folder, a really good idea. Uh these are just the issues. I come to some uh personal experience, findings, possible solutions later. Searches for the button. There are many buttons on a remote control which are not clear. Uh so either we lose those or we try to make it a little bit more clear. Uh also symbols tend to fade after a while. There's nothing more annoying than faded symbols, because you don't know which channel is this button, so possibly we could find uh something for that, yes. Uh covered that. Oh yes, user presses the button. Um usually when you have a lot of buttons, buttons are small. So you press more once remote control goes kablouey or something like that, so we have to pay attention not to put too mun too many buttons on uh the remote control. And possibly also the size, so more important buttons, bigger si So this is basically what I h had in mind in the fade-proof symbols, locator, a sound, uh so clear we should stick to existing symbols, but maybe we could do a little uh investigation to see whether some symbols are uh need to be replaced by others. Uh This I pretty much covered. So what we want to go to is not this one, but more less buttons, easy, some bigger buttons. So that's basically uh what I had in mind. This is not the final design, this is just a general idea of how I'd like to see uh basically the general idea. So that was it. Yeah, I think it's a really good idea. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Oh. Is it manageable? Is it easy? Yeah. And it costs too much to fabricate, so we're on a tight budget here. And it's Maybe just a slap-on sticker with a button which sends out a small signal. Yeah, exactly. And it's Besides that, the technology isn't really super yet, so that is a problem in implementing this. It's a good idea, but it's just not I don't think the market's ripe for that yet. But should the exchangeable covers include the buttons themselves or just the C that's a problem with the with the text then. Oh yeah, I know what you mean. Yeah. Pretty straightforward. Is it techni technically possible to uh send a signal to a television and then pops up a menu, because we're working with different types of television, so we're going to work with that? It's an in-built menu, isn't it? Yes. So basically we Or we could use a double-sided for less used functions you Yeah, with the cover. I it's basically an idea to overcome these issues, because No, but basic functions but functions which are not frequently used. Because if we use a universal remote control, we're going to have to have most buttons on it, so Yeah. Yeah, I have some ideas. I have some ideas. I'll put some on paper and present them next time uh the ideas that I have. I heard a beep go. Yeah, but we like some some curves or Yeah. Oh, we get the general ideas, yes. Yeah, and since you're holding it like this, I suggest you put the channel up channel down and volume yeah yeah. So you have the up channel the down channel the volume, do we want that horizontal or vertical? This is basically what people are accustomed to, so Yeah, but this is just a g general idea. Uh maybe the menu button can go i in the middle. Whoa. You won't be able to find it. We could make a combination that it goes beep and that you that some light lights up. So we have the basic channels we've got here, uh the power button somewhere over here? I usually press it on top. At least that's what I'm accustomed to. What would you like to? Okay, mute button. Is that somewhere here? Is that used often? The mute button? Do people use that often? 'Cause uh I'm pretty much accustomed to it right over here, at least in general, but It's not that important, no. Sure. That's pretty much what people are accustomed to, aren't they? Well, I'm accustomed to the channels being on top. But isn't that expensive in the entire package? But again, isn't that too expensive? 'Cause that means that we have to implement rechargeable batteries, a docking station And do people actually want that? To pay extra they want to pay for rechargeable? Can can we save this or Yeah. Could you post some other essentials of what people want, so that I can work with some buttons, where to put it You seem to have information on that, I'd like to uh see some of it. No, it's not. No. Oh, your computer. Okay. Well, I have your PowerPoint presentation, I can get some inf information out of that. Let's see. Oh, where would we Where would we want the uh teletext button? Because we decided that it's n not that important. Do we put it somewhere over here? Or maybe this is something for the next meeting, I can draw out some ideas. Yeah. Well, we have decided more or less the basic structure. I can put the other buttons in Yeah. Yeah. Maybe another idea uh. Yes, but it should cover all the functions, so possibly, just an idea that popped in Yeah, but we could go a step further, because some T_V_s have the uh possibility to adjust brightness, that kind of menus. Yes, but it Because we're making We need to adjust to the technology. True. No, I thi Oh, we're not going to be able to sell it for twenty-five then, with an L_C_D_ screen. Well I doubt it, but Well, I had basically Something like this. To make it kind of futuristic. So what kind of Yeah, sure. Now it's pretty much tucked away in your hand. I'm I'm still not convinced of the Yeah. So basically can I what we have to decide now is uh what goes on top. Do we put the volume control and the channel control here, or do we put it on he Would we like to press it in the middle? Yes, but we do agree that we keep this at the centre, because it's basically the most important function. Well, that would make them quite small. So maybe you'd put them here. Yes, but a big remote control probably not something which people would like. So would we like this or would we like the Let's see what we have here. Okay. So I think of a name. So Yes, go and finish up and I'll see you at lunch. Yeah.
Wait for the marketing director actually, so. Anyways. Uh. See, shall we wait? I'm not sure if he's late or delayed or whatever, so I'm gonna start soon, we have now don't have much time anyway. There you are, okay. Uh no problem. We're about to start, so have a seat. Okay, welcome again. Today, functional design phase. I'll take you over the minutes of last last meeting. Okay, that was just to get to know each other, have a little thoughts on what your vision is and on this project, so I put the minutes on the I made on the on the p the the project share, so if you wanna review them, they're there. I will do so after every meeting, so if you have some information you wanna take back you can find it there. Anyways, um today three presentations, from every one of you. Um after that I got some new project requirements from project board, so we're gonna go af go after over this later. But I wanna start with uh stuff you did first, so we can see what everybody came up with. And after that we can have the new requirements and share some thoughts, so. Who would like wanna go first? Take it. Anyway, let's see what you have. Uh it's still a bit open. You should close it on your own notebook, I guess. Yeah. So there? Okay. If I can cut in, is it people or men? Is it people, okay. 'Cause I thought it was only men, so 'Kay. So we have to s we have to do something about that. Okay. Okay, just talk ahead. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's okay. That's a little weird. Okay, we can we can hide those under a menu or something, okay. That's like a button on your T_V_? Remote, okay. Okay. We wanna have a little preview on the remote control. Preview what's on the channel. Okay. That sounds too It's possible, but uh I think it's expensive, but do continue. Okay, you don't set it yourself, it just remembers the channel that you are on most, for example. You want the you want it to be programmed, for example y programmed f or you want it to recognise your favourite channel? Let's see, you you spend twenty minutes each day on that channel, so it recognises your favourite channel. Okay, so it's it it does it recognise itself, you don't have to set it Okay. Okay. I see. Okay. No problem, it's it's okay, that's Yeah, go ahead. That seems very good. Mm-hmm. Okay, so have it more make it more durable actually. Okay. Okay, so the buttons should be Mm-hmm. Yeah. Wow. The s Yeah. Make it make them bigger. Even more durable uh. Okay. Yeah, it's true. Yeah, that's clear. No, of course uh Yeah. I must say that it Hmm. That was it. Okay, that was good. So we agree on the the part that we need to get something on the on the remote to find it somewhere and increase it the durability of of the thing, so The other aspects, we'll just see how what you came up with and what's possible for that budget. Okay. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Of course, hmm. You mean integrate them all into the circuit board. Okay. Yeah, okay. So you have Mm-hmm. Okay. Okay. That was it? I'll get back to my thing then. Uh Okay, back this up to the screen. So I got some new information on the project specifications are changing a little. Like you said uh teletext is not not very popular anymore because the uh the internet, nowadays people don't use the teletext anymore or hardly, so it can either Well, I don't think we should remove the button, because there are always people who are using it. But I don't think it should be very it should be one of the big buttons for example. Just put it somewhere or under second option or whatever. It's not important anymore. Um we're targeting young people now, because our um This is a new product and with this new product we want to appeal to younger people, which are um the younger people were defined under forty. I so I think it's that's also good with the fashion and everything, so yeah. They want to pay for it, people are willing to spend money actually to buy a um remote that they like. If they like the way it looks, the way it functions, so they're actually gonna spend uh spend money on it. Yeah. see how far we can go with it anyway, so And one thing that should be important is that the corporate l colour and slogan are recognisable, which is apparently black and yellow, but I'm not sure if we I think we should keep the the logo in mind, because with colours you can uh have a lot of uh fashionable colours and everything on it, which suits everybody's taste. So With that concept I started thinking, so why not just steal Nokia's idea and just make changeable covers for your I mean those cost hardly anything I think, and people could even spend extra money on buying a cover and so have an entire new remote control that they like to see. Or we can sh for example we can make a different a basic design. And sell the covers separately, for example. That's just a little marketing idea that could be applied, so you can p it appeals to really everyone. So you don't have to I think you don't have to make entire remote controls. We make a basic one and manufacture this cover separately. So that was that was my idea on what we could do to appeal this product to everyone. So just I'm not sure if you came up with anything in the meantime, after making a presentation. Would you like to share? Okay. Oh yeah. I think we should lose the L_C_D_ screen, like you said. I think for example it's it's huge I think the L_C_D_ is huge, it consumes batteries like hell. I think it takes up a lot of a lot of power. It costs a lot, I think. What we could do, what could be possible, is maybe not an L_C_D_ screen but with a preview, but y I'm not sure if it's even possible. For example, a little T_V_ guide. Like you have a little just just a text only, not colour, just a little text thing so you can use your remote as a T_V_ guide. I'm not sure it's even possible, but maybe okay, make it Yeah, find a little compromise in that, but What did I write down? I think the p yeah, the beep is a very simple thing to imple implement, just make a button on your T_V_ and just hit the button, it beeps somewhere. I think it's easy to implement, we should go for that. Uh speech recognition. I thin Yeah, I mean where else should you put it? Yeah, but how are you gonna use that if your I mean if your remote control is lost, how are you gonna press where are you gonna press the button? A slap-on sticker. Oh, you mean as like a separate thing you can attach to your T_V_. Yeah, that could be possible. A little little box you can attach to your T_V_ is fine then, okay. I think it's universal. I think we should go for universal, because apparently we're a separate company making separate c remote controls to sell to a lot of diverse people. I think universal remote control should be possible. Yeah, I think we're targeting everyone, so remote Okay, universal is good. Speech recognition, I think it's very hard, because we're selling across multiple countries. So I think implementing speech recognition is such a small um apparatus, it's very hard to do. Yeah, but I don't see Arabian people speaking one, two uh whatever. It's Yeah. It's not a mature technology, I think it takes a lot of memory and everything in in a remote control, so I don't think it should be implemented in a remote control yet uh. What else do we have? Um well you should you should look into the in into the materials that are real durable. So the the the symbols won't fade, maybe a little harder plastic or especially li we don't maybe we don't have have to do all the buttons, but especially the ones that are um the popular buttons, so those always fade first. Mm the thing is the most important things that we have now. Let's see. For example? Well, we're not we're not targeting older people, we should remember that. Everything we target is under forty, so. You assume that that they read correctly and I think they're The most important thing about young people is that they're really sensitive to to trends that are passing through the world, so No, of course. No, I think it's just something you you put over them, because Yeah we c Yeah, you ca Well, tha that's not a that's not a bad that's not even it's not even a bad idea. I mean, for example, if you're if you're into the durability issue you could For example, if your buttons are faded, after I mean if you make a durable remote, they are faded, you can just buy a new cover. Uh I'm not sure it's it's hard to make. So it's a good and a bad idea. Mm-hmm. Yeah, I know, it's just just a one one piece of rubber for example, okay. Yeah, that's what I something I have to look into. Either either change both the buttons and and the cover or just the cover, I'm not sure which which is easier, so Um anyway, yeah, this is what we're gonna do afterwards, just lunch break and have more individual work after that, so let's see what we let's see we So you have to come up with a components concept, yeah. I want some you should do some trend-watching, because even if we're if we're gonna do those covers and everything, what people really want, that's what we need to know in this phase, because that's gonna be the essential final design that we're gonna come up with. Um Yeah, I think user interface is fairly obvious. I mean it should be very intuitive, s Yeah, it should speak for itself. Uh for example I bought a remote control last week with a new T_V_, it was it l it's like all buttons and you have no idea what it does at first, and I'm total T_V_ new, anyway. So I think it should be have less or l very little buttons and maybe a second second level menu for the advanced things. Or maybe just stick 'em under a menu, like you said the um the sound options and the surround and whatever, they're more complicated, just stick 'em under one menu and uh give it a just put it in in s in a software piece, you can menu and you can uh select everything you want to to set on your T_V_. That is true. No, that's true. Yeah, that's true. I'm not sure if it's impossible, but uh there's a chance it's not, so. A double-sided remote control? I don't think that's useful. Yeah, but then you're gonna have a lot of wasted buttons. For example you have a Sony T_V_ and the half of the buttons won't function if you have a for a Sony that won't for a Philips T_V_. I don't think we should Yeah, for exam I'm not s yeah, for ex you have to make it a little decision between the part if you want a universal remote control that it should do what people usually do with their T_V_s, not not the very complicated settings that you can usually do that with uh either a old old remote control if they really hate that thing, but you can't you cannot take into consideration all the different brands of T_V_s. I think there's I think there is a standard for example between uh because usually the the menu is the menu button is is usable between different brands. Especially the big ones, the big brands, so. 'Cause everybody I have a universal remote control and it can use the menu button, so I think I'm not sure, if you can put some research into that, if it's possible. Uh I think just a b and the navigation is very basic, it's usually the same thing. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. I think so uh we need to put some research into that if if we can open the menu, I think it's possible, just the way how to. Yeah, then then you could do everything I suppose, because usually the T_V_s have tha that inside in this other little piece of software, so it's okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah. Yeah I think it should be a little distinct from everything else, because it's either it's both mayb maybe the shape can be a little different. Maybe it's a little more curves or whatever. So um Yeah, this. Not sure what because we have forty minutes, I'm not sure how much time we have left for the meeting anyway, so. Yeah, but it wasn't me, it was him closing something. So anyway, yeah, we could do some i do some work now on on the design for example. I mean what do you want, do you want, but Yeah, may maybe something like this. But though smooth inside. So you have the transmitter here for example. Let's see that you what would be handy. I think that the the buttons should be the channel buttons should be uh on their own. Let's see one, two God damn it. Yeah, okay. Another one here. Let's see what I think this should these are always on top of the of the control, so they should be here. Think it's like this. Withi within the Yeah, just take it. Do you take triangles or Um I think it should be I think it Maybe we should make 'em bigger or whatever. Yeah. Yeah, in the middle. It's it's usually uh there, but Mm. Yeah, but for example if it's lost in your armchair, we'll not see the flash. And flash takes up a lot of batteries again. Yeah. Yeah, I thought about for deaf people for example, so. We could do that. Uh let's see. Oh yeah, it's true. Um that thing should be central. You shouldn't be you uh shouldn't press it by accident, but it shouldn't be stacked away somewhere. Yeah. Yeah, like that's gonna work. Yeah, I thought maybe we should move the buttons down and put it here for example to From top to bottom. Yeah, that's true, you should I think the bu the power button should be on top, 'cause it's the first thing you do, turn it on. So power button on top. Um Mute. Do we hardly I think it should be at the bottom somewhere. Mute. Turn the sound off. I don't think it's important, but I think it I think it should be you c you could put it somewhere here. No, because it Yeah, people are accustomed to that, it's Can I have that? That's j Take this out and here see Uh are we gonna take triangles anyway? I'm drawing triangles, but Yeah, it's maybe a bigger lesser than thing. So anyway, I think this is should be the channels and or sh Here, okay. Okay, should we chan okay, this two, channel up and down. Well, for that is it's on one part it's um it's a good thing to recharge it Maybe we should what what could be possible is one with rechargeable batteries for example. You have just put Penlite batteries that are rechargeable, because it's an it's it's it's very annoying. I'm not sure y I'm not sure it's if it's expensive, but just take a look at it, because it might be a very good idea. Because if it's it's uh useful to have it rechargeable, but at the same time, if you don't want recha if you forgot to recharge it and you wanna watch T_V_ now, you wanna be able to put different batteries in it, use it now and not in half an hour. How about I think I have a nice idea. Not exactly uh. I think it's uh it's a pretty good idea to have uh like sort of a maybe a base station that you put on the T_V_. Could be flat, you could insert your uh remote into it. I'm not sure. A what? Well, we were talking about the fact that we wanted to insert either a beep or a flash into the thing with a little separate signal or So you could put that on a T_V_ for example. It could be very flat, could be very small. It's a very small Yeah, I'm drawing it big now, but So you can put your remote on flat for example. And at the backside of remote just just just a little hole for example um you just put it down, it recharges for example. I don't think it's very expensive. I'm not sure if it costs a lot, that that's what he r That's that you that's what you buy yourself. It's just an idea, we have to find out if it's possible. Do they want but they want a rechargeable one? I'm not sure, you should find out if it's if rechargeable is important. Yeah. They want to pay for comfort, we just assu we we could either make a separate station which just sends a signal to the remote control to either beep or flash to find it, um and Yeah, we have to either that or make it integrated with a with a docking station. I think it would be good actually. I like the beep part anyway. So um let's go through the Covers is covers is good. Yeah, it's Oh we can save this. Up and saved. We even saved the ant. Um Okay. So what we have is you have I think you have to do a lot of work on if it's possible for the cost. Maybe yeah, or maybe you can find out i what people are willing to pay. We are going for twenty five Euros sales price, but just try to find out what they're willing to pay for it, because if they're willing to pay more, we could lose a little profit and maybe attract more customers, uh we just have to see what it looks like. Yeah, if you have some financial information that that'd be nice, so. Hmm. No, it wasn't wasn't allo it was possible, not allowed, so. So that's um why I'm not sure that you're allowed to share documents on the on the draft. I don't care. I haven't heard any complaints yet, so. Um Yeah, the oh, they inc uh they include the new one. Or just for you. Oh no, I didn't have that. All it tells just let's make make a new tick the new one. Um other side. Yeah, let's increase it a little because Yeah, draw us up some some designs of of possible just keep in mind that the important buttons should be on top and either big, so the more less important More or less. Just play a little with this, put l shift a little up or down and we'll see what looks best. Or just po post your designs from time to time on the product share. Yeah, so we don't want we want very little buttons, just the buttons you use a lot. Well what we had function that what people do, so. People change channels, people they change the volume and they they change channel, they turn T_V_ off and on, for example. That's the basic fu that's what you do I'm not sure who present that again, but those are the basic function that people use it for, so those should be very well represented. That's true, but that's what we stick under the menu button. Everything is you say in every T_V_ that's configured under the menu. Yeah, but But I think most modern T_V_s have it in their menu. Uh we'll we'll see what we can come up with. Under forty. Yeah? Mm-hmm. Yeah yeah. The want to pay for Oh. Uh shall we? Younger, age sixteen and forty five. That's all here, here it says Yeah, age sixteen forty fi interest in main features more critical. Okay, so we're not focusing on this. Um All the interest in features, not really the L_C_ oh here. Would you pay for uh speech recognition in a remote control. Hmm, okay? Speech recognition is quite Yeah, just look at the possibilities then, because if apparently it's what people want, it's supposed to be a luxurious remote, maybe it's not even that expensive. Or find a compromise, maybe just a black and white or for some extra information on it, on your programmes. Me too. I mean we all do. Right. I think it's something we should put into consideration. Apparently it's what people want, so. We should see if what it costs, if it's possible. Yeah. Yeah, we should do a little thing about design, because it looks boring really to me. Even if you put it even if you put a different cover on it, it looks still looks boring, so. I have no clue. I just drew something what which would fit into your hand easily. I think it's a very Sorry? Yeah? Okay. Mm-hmm. Yeah, but you have to j just keep in mind it shouldn't be too heavy. I mean we can stick it in in there, I think. Huh even if in the worst case we can even Could you give me the pen back? So let's say that people would want an L_C_D_ thing. Let's take take the basic design again, what we oh, crap uh came up with. I'll just make it a little bigger now. So a transmitter here. Anyway. We could let's say we have an L_C_D_ screen, people want an L_C_D_ screen. So then we should probably put it here. It doesn't have to be really big, but just just have to be has to be there. Think it's a good place, people don't No? It's not that uh it's not the most important function, it's just an extra thing, it just you press the buttons on top, because your finger is on top. How can you use an L_C_D_ screen? Yeah, but why I I'm not sure. Uh if you t if you press a button, you can see it, ri I'm not sure wha I'm trying to imagine myself what it would look like. You would prefer it n Okay. So we have three people saying it should be on top. Okay, but then you would would s have to stack away your buttons somewhere else. Anyways. Uh this looks a little About the L_C_D_s thing. Well if it if it's if it's possible wi if it's not too expensive, we should include it, because it's it's cool. Uh we have green now uh Or maybe we should m we could uh draw draw something a bit that has it on on on the bottom. Maybe in a circle for example, like we like in this example. I think this is not good, but for we could make circular buttons for example. For up and down, ma make it a circle on it, because it I think the channel button should be in the centre. Channel button should be st stick together, for example here in this section. Because it's uh We're not sure about the size anyway, just a general design. You can make it as big as you want. For example if you take uh No, let's see. For example just Yeah. I don't think if we if we even use an L_C_D_ screen, we need to, definitely. Yeah, but we have to see what the si what the size is. The L_C_D_ doesn't have to nee doesn't need to be very big. Mm let's see. Finish meeting now. Okay, we will. So either We either we have to decide what what people want. Either this one, this this could be the luxurious one. So we have channel buttons here. I'm just drawing something uh. Uh I think this would this would look cool. You could have it for example small buttons here for some extra functions, so if your basic function's here, we should like we decided before, programmes up and down, and volume here. Well you can just no, I'm not sure if we can do that, but we could put a microphone in here for example. Just to do research into both, w what it costs and what it takes for space. But let's cut the meeting for now yes. Yeah, let's think of a name, okay. Uh okay. Okay, at anyways, the the minutes will be on the on the web shortly, so there we go uh. Yeah, to all.
";Customers are willing to pay more for fancier looking remotes. They like innovative technology like speech recognition and LCD screens. It also transpires that remotes are easy to lose. Everyone agreed that they need to incorporate a locating mechanism in their design, and that changeable covers could make appealing-looking remotes. The need for clarity of button functions was mentioned. On the other hand, materials should be more durable. The function of the remote is relatively simple: by pressing a button a current is passed to the chip, and defines what signal is to be sent to the receiver (the TV) via infrared. There are some new requirements: the target group will be people below 40, the device will have to be for TV only, they should ignore the teletext function, and, also, the remote should be recognisable as a Real Reaction product. They drew some of their ideas, and discussed the positioning of the buttons and the LCD. The most used buttons are going to be placed on top. It might be possible to use a charger for the remote. The concept of the design will be finalised in the next meeting. 
"Hello. So, are you d what were j you guys discussing? Okay. Did you find anything new? Mm-hmm. Great, great. Come on.. What's uh here. And there we are. What the f oh, yeah uh. It doesn't do what I want it Okay fine, that's too bad. Yeah, I have to start our 'Kay. Okay, go again. Well second phase, conceptual design. It's fine, everybody knows what we're talking about. So, take you past the minutes of last meeting again. Again you get your three presentate to see what you came up with. So too bad we don't have any finance information apparently. So that's too bad. So then we'll just have to d uh have to go on, you know, the information that we have to make the make final decisions on uh on a conceptual design. So Here we go. Anyway, last w last w what discussed last time, you all remember that, that we have to keep the electronics size in mind. Same goes for you. We have to have an easy design with big buttons which are durable and there are people actually spen willing to spend money to do to get more features and uh among those features L_C_D_ screen and voice recognition are very popular. So we have to make a move on that area, I guess. S especially s when when the new uh component is applicable in our uh product, we'll be fine. Anyways, well teletext wasn't important and that's what I took. And the consumer, yeah, we aim for young consumers, so that's fine. And well actually we yeah, we did need some more data on finances, but w yeah we still don't have that apparently. That's too bad. Yeah, we need to im de we are going to implement the beep and the flash thing to recover your remote. So one of these interchangeable covers apparently which will make it a more fashionable product. So anyway. Guess we'll have to do this after the after the you give your presentations. So I'll just close this one now, and let's uh let's see,. We have a lot to tell. You had a lot to go on. So uh how about you go first. Okay. Does it provide enough energy? Also if if we were choose the the L_C_D_ option, would it give enough energy Okay, that's the just assume it takes. Well, I'm not sure if it's shaken enough, because No, I don't think so, because uh watches can go on kinetic energy because they move all the time. But I'm sure t I mean remotes lie still I think like ninety nine percent of the time. So I don't think that's a really good the other alternative were solar cells. I don't think that's applicable because I thin why why shouldn't we take a basic battery? Why not? I mean everybody everybody knows how to use that. It's it's common. So and it's available everywhere. So why sh mm I think better. Yeah, but it's Yeah, uh it wasn't it wasn't in the options, a rechargeable m module actually. Okay yeah, b you c of course you could place re re-chargeable batteries. But that's up to the consumer himself. So Well, mm it's not in the list. So we cannot choose from it. So Okay, will just take regular batteries. Okay, we'll get back on that later. Just But what were the implications if you if put more curves it it's gets more expensive. Okay, so I think with with the extras that we had there it's two curves I suppose. Okay. Also decreases, okay. Okay. More than one curve, uh yeah okay. We'll just go uh 'Cause it yeah, I'm not sure. We'll discuss that later. Okay, we have so I think we can rule out um I'm not sure we can rule anything out. We'll do that when y when you get your design. No, wood i wood's not an option. Well it it's stylish, but we can yeah, but you can change your covers anyway. Yeah, is it keep in mind that it it's it's uh it fal uh remote controls fall a lot on the ground. So you don't want it to break. So either have rubber edges or a rubber remote control is very durable. But Continue. Don't have to be un-breakable, it's p it's a it's not supposed to ju yeah, break after one use. I mean it they they fall a lot. So Well, you have for if you if for example if you take hard plastic. If it falls it might crack. And rubber uh kind of softens the fall. I'm not sure if it's the it's the entire cover you change. Uh, it's could be. You know what, th we're focusing very much on the covers now. I think it's just w now we're going for the basic design. If we wanna expand our options, f be fashionable, then we can get changeable covers. But I think the basic thing let's just rule out wood for now and continue. We're definitely focussing on the younger people, 'cause that was our main goal. Okay okay, we will. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Evident. Yeah, o of course we're gonna use. But I didn't I didn't go on the thought of a scroll-wheel actually. I'm still deciding on what what what could you use it for. Maybe for volume control. Channel, I think that would be annoying because it might accidentally scroll onto another channel. I think a push-button for channel would be better. I mean it for volume control it's it's a smoother motion, you can just increase or decrease. But not sure. For channels will be good. I don't think so. I haven't I haven't taken it into consideration. I don't think we really need one.. But why do we need it? If we don't need it, why put it in your why put it in your in your if it's if it's not something people are looking for or is useful. Are they? Yeah, but if it's if it's not useful, I don't think it I don't think it gives an extra function to the remote. Anyway What you what what'd you get on the L_C_D_ screen? Is it expensive? Does it And how much more expensive is that? Or No absolute numbers, but it's just more expensive and takes more room I suppose in your in your design. Don't think it's an issue, okay. Oh let's go for let's say because it is uh very hot in n our target group I think, we should take it take it t to consideration to build an L_C_D_ screen in it. Okay. Which basically has the same functionality, but lacks the L_C_D_ screen. Okay. We'll pick a we'll pick from uh we'll just combine everything later. Mm-hmm. Once again I was would ask you if it's expensive, but apparently you don't have any data. So Well what d what was exact what you got on the on the new component? That's small. So we can implement it. So why why if it's small and we can imp why shouldn't we? And there's um get your mar marketing report? What was uh the last number of how many people were interested in voice recognition? Although it's hard for different countries of course. But you have to programme it yourself, I suppose, with your own voice. More than sixty percent of the people would like voice recognition. If it's small, if it's fits, if if people like it, why not? So Yeah, but we got some data on people that actually are int are interested in that, and I don't think a scroll-wheel offers new functionality, whereas speech recognition and L_C_D_ screen do offer new functionality in your product. Uh I think so, because if I think we're specially w if you're going maybe uh if you have the two editions you wanna wanna give out, probably you have one with uh with speech recognition and Um Yeah, hold on a minute. Were were you we're finished? Or Oh. Because if there's something that 'Cause have did you have all the materials? Or everything that you desc Okay, so uh just just go for design for now. Just m have a seat for a second. Uh We'll combine everything after this. Why is it s why is it squared? Why did you pick square? Or uh not square, but why is it yeah, sharp corners. Looks like a Star Trek phaser. It's true. Yeah. Or Okay, so just yeah, you can rest it on your finger. Okay. Mm-hmm. No, it just uh it's a curve inside a thing. So It's on the back. Yeah, I think it's okay. Keys are probably the n the number keys, I suppose. Okay. Well, you can work on the actual concept or actual design later with him. But Well, I think what you have to keep in mind is that um you're moving the the the number keys from the top. Uh in the the simple design you have them at a top, and the uh complex design you have them at the bottom. So it would that would give us a totally different design. So which actually making a whole different product instead of two different models. I think it would be very expensive to produce two whole different products. So Yeah, uh or for example, why did you pick the mm the numbers uh all the way below, and the and the channels and volume control Okay. That's fine. That's fine. Just as long as you tak took it into consideration what people would prefer. Uh, okay if you all agree, I'm fine with it. But Okay. Yeah, I think we'll I think we're going towards the deluxe edition anyway, because that seems to be what the people want. But let's see what's what they want now. Mm-hmm. That's mine. No, you should send it to the f to the folder first. Okay um, let's just assume we go to forty one. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I think so. Okay. Okay, so we're definitely going for rubber. Let's just go Uh-huh. Nah, I think we're in this case you're losing the the focus on the young group, because we're that's what we're focussing on. So I think the spongy feel gives us rubber. Yeah, w th apparently Yeah, apparently yeah, maybe also yeah, I tend to disagree with with uh with a sharp form. I suppose it basi if you're uh saying fruits and vegetables, maybe it's supposed to be a little little more round. Yeah, for exa maybe like uh like a pear or something. That's what we're doing. Mm. I think shape is is important, because they s they really extend. Yeah, but now you have your your like your Star Trek phaser thing shaped control. So I I th the edges are really really sharp. I'm uh not su Or maybe just make it make it up into into a low a smooth curve instead of just less sharp twist on the outside. I think I think there needs to be a little I think it's too too sharp. The edges are too sharp. The bottom is fine of course if it's square. But maybe just th make uh the top a little round it off on the sides. So I mean y That would be two curves. One cur you could also make the curve go through of course. But that would make make the top round. But let's see, titanium would give us only one curve. So but we're not d we're not using titanium. Right, we did. So Just doodle something on the board on the left. Well actually, we're setting ourselves apart from by technology alone actually. So that let's see what you're doing. Oh, okay. I don't think like that. Not not really the curves on the on the side of the remote. Okay, now I uh of course now I understand why they have more uh like um Why the curves um decrease the the um the size the electronics that can be inside. So Okay. I don't think the outside would be called as a curve really. I think it's for all the basic well, looking from the side anyway. Well, if you see what I have to come up with some designs fast anyway. So Okay. Well, you shouldn't focus on the mostly on the covers, because lot of things we came up with, shouldn't be too really too much shouldn't be too focussed on the covers because it's kind of an idea of our own, but we're not sure if we can actually make that. That's the one thing I'm also afraid of with this one because it the edges are really um they might stick out on the on the side for example. If you have a basic design, a little m a little smaller on the on the s on the edges, you could put more covers on it, y one one with square or um sharp corners if you want to. So M just round it off a little, I guess, because so we have more options I suppose. I think so because it looks leaner and we should just go with that. Anyway, you have all the time in the world to make to make the final design in a minute with him. So So we decided on what what did you guys wanna know again because this is um anyway, I'll fire up my thing. So so we come to a decision. Uh what the Ah. Yeah. Okay, anyway. Uh energy, we choose regular regular batteries. The chip is advanced because we have the advanced features. The case, it will be the material will be rubber, suppose. Wouldn't the b the design we talked about. Uh user interface, type. Well I think we took all the components separately what we want. Um let's see um supplements. I'm not sure what they mean by that. Anyway, um apparently you guys, you should work together on the final design, both on internal and external design. So Yeah, you should you should probably find out how the product will fall into the market, how uh what's gonna happen with the final design as we have it now. So Yeah, of course you've got your specific instruction as usual. So Wanna spend some more um I think we're in a pretty much in agreement actually, which is good. So Lef let's see, where the pen go? Here. Yeah uh open your thing again. Let's see what if you can come up with anything new. Um I'll just do a next one. So what would give us your ne your design would be the lights would be on top, right? Uh one on each one on each side. Is it is it the lights for for finding the finding remote or lights that it that Yeah, I think that should just be a simple LED or something. Like that that's not that important of course. It just like a matter of a a beep if you pre that you just know that that there's context. So I don't think that's super important. But Hmm. Uh sh Oh. Let's see, I'll just make One light here. And just make it red now. But it could be any colour. So Okay, whatever. Fine, anyway. What do we have here? M I'll make it um are we gonna use square buttons or round ones actually? Personally I would prefer round ones. Yeah, for Okay. Okay, I assume it for so we take a r take a round power button right here. Whatever. Uh back to black. Uh not too big though. See this would be good. Um let's see. Are these for any extra controls? Okay. Okay. If we go for for round buttons in general, do we want to the menu key in the middle to be round? For example, if you let's see, put it this here. I think we'll go with the triangles that Come on. Triangles are good. Yeah, they're a little too big now. But Anyway, okay. So do you want for example a round button in the middle or square one? I'm not sure uh, I just just came up with it. This aligns nicely. So Okay. We'll just take the take the round button, suppose. Uh oh the square button, sorry. I suppose so. Okay. So there's our numbers. Think we need an extra button here of course for yeah, like you had for the higher numbers. And you could include a button here for the mute, I suppose. For something else, just to mirror mirror the effect with this. That's not necessary because it you can take this away, but there it looks like there's a hole there, just to mirror the effect. Okay, so we have a few Nah, I think it it would be nice to put the logo here, for example, if you have some buttons here. We could put a logo here because it's very always in your field of vision. If you're watching it, the L_C_D_ screen, blah blah. Well we could we could include either here or here, for example. But you think here or here? I know. No, we could put this one as favourite channel for exam What are these for? Okay. What? You're accustomed to eleven? My uh okay, have it your way. I mean, think this looks rather like like there's something missing for example. I mean why wouldn't you include a 'cause there is a um a piece of electronics under there anyway. So why not give it a function. Let's say I mean could be anything. But th No, I don't think because this is a zero. But you want zero to be mis-aligned with the rest. Anyway, so this is the basic design, we wanna have um on and off what are we missing? If it looks um Okay, so we want the remote to be the s the side view actually, what I'm gonna draw. So Um probably think you want the curve to be here. So have your finger under here like this, I suppose? Okay. Just gonna be sh Yeah. Want this straight or what? Let's keep it at this. So it would be like this. Do we want something interesting with it or see. Would give us a light here. Maybe it's boring. You want it curved or what? Maybe you want Should like this? Will give us design problem because we have It can be curved. Okay? I think so. That's why I asked you. Okay. So Oh crap. Yeah. Oh. Anyway, so you want to a little more like this? And just s s Stop the curve here or continue it So we have our L_C_D_ screen. Let's see. In Bana it's banana vision. So you have your L_C_D_ screen right here, suppose. Um that would make We use the colours now. But Um You got sponsor, now you get a free one with every pack of Chiquita. So it would give the buttons here. I suppose I suppose we can put um let's see. Um Uh I suppose we can put the batteries in here because it has the most space, for example. I don't think so because it's the biggest part of the uh of the uh Let's I think it's possible. I think it's the best place yeah, you could also put 'em here. But Okay, so we put the batteries here. That's fine. Yep. Blah. Um, any other com what what are we missing here? Something a speech recognition. Um where do we want the microphone, for example, to be? On the side or on the or, for example, on top? Like here. To be Okay, I w thought maybe it's either be here or because it's mi it might interfere with the transmitter, I'm not sure. But 'Cause transmitter would be here. Why uh once again, like you said, the component can be somewhere at the bottom while we wire the microphone up there. Anyway. Um yeah, it could be either be here or make a double microphone. I wouldn't mind. It's able to talk to you. A speaker sensor. I think so, it I think it could. Yeah. I mean it could be a all this stuff could be integrated into the L_C_D_ screen, which you could navigate with this, I suppose. Navigate through everything. If you have I think you sh I think the advanced options should be I think it sh the advanced option could also be integrated in the L_C_D_ screen, of course, because you don't have to have a button for everything. You can just navigate through th m your menu that you have here for advanced options with this. Think that would be fine. So that's w m would be making use of the L_C_D_ screen. Mm. Beep. Um, so the flashing of the beep, we have well anything. We could Yeah, but you could put a speaker or something on on the side for example. For how do you draw that again? Uh whatever, looks stupid. I think this is pretty I think you have to stay here because we are supposed to five minutes to finish the meeting. Oh, like my the info that I got was that you're uh we're gonna work on our own because you're gonna do the market market uh analysing I'm supposed to do the little work on the year-end report. So the project report. Hmm. Okay, I think we're everybody satisfied with the with the current design we have? So we're s supposed to be rubber. I think well, I think the the remote control is gonna be black because we we forgot to talk about I mean the the company colours are important apparently. So we have the logo up there. So are we gonna base colour is black? And yeah, of course we could use yellow buttons or yellow navigation or whatever. Yellow but yellow control. It's Okay. Well, don't don't stick yourself on the covers right now. But don't stick yourself on the cover because Nah. Yeah, but the info. I think we should go with uh with the company colour because what specific info that I got from the project board. So I think we should go with that. They want something trendy. I think we should th then take it take yellow. Take what you c yellow remote control. So let's see if if we can do the LED onto it. Uh oh. You know what? I'm not gonna do this. That's up to you guys. You doodle a doodle us a nice nice design for for the next meeting, we'll be done. I think we're all happy now. Yeah. Stupid scroll-wheel. 'Kay I'm not sure uh I really, I'm no I have no clue what we could use the scroll-wheel for. It takes space, a lot of space. And it could I'm not sure if it if it has no function, why even put it there? And th that's just so much things that make it look flash I think channel selection would be annoying because it just c you could scroll past the channel or Hmm.. No r no scroll-wheel. Okay. Um I don't see anything missing really. Yeah, we should too bad we don't have the finance. We could've Yeah, it's I'm not sure if we're if we're gonna get finance anyway because I thought we cou I thought it was gonna be an issue at the first time we started. I thought it was gonna be a cost issue which material we were gonna take relative to the advanced chips or anything. So you just do whatever you like and uh doesn't care what it costs. I think we're rubber is not expensive. Definitely. You can make rubber in any colour. In any colour. So I mean you can't make yellow titanium, but you can make yellow rubber. Uh yeah we can make uh for example it's just something you can click on it like uh that's but it's not som not apparently that's not something we're working with in the basic design. So. Yeah, it could be. It can be done, for e
Did you manage? Okay. Ah. Hello. No, just uh ask if if he could manage. I have a lot of new information. Hey, everything alright. Did you manage? Okay. Do you have a lot of new information? Do you have a lot of new information? That's true. Huh. Alright. I have a lot of new information. I have a complete list of uh everything that we can use, all the components that all av available. I have no I still don't have any finance information, but at least we have a lot more to go on now Yep, that's right. Let's see where my presentation is. Okay, um this I mentioned before. Every feature for our remote control needs to have their own operating electronic devices. We need to take care of that. Then warning, uh there has to be a chip in our remote control. And the chip requirements uh needed for a normal button uh is just a simple chip, uh scroll-wheel, and L_C_D_ is an advanced. Of course this is more expensive than this. So we have to decide on that in a minute. The available uh components for energy are, we have a basic battery, a hand an uh dynamo, like in uh old torches. We have a kin uh kinetic provision, then you have to shake the remote control to get the energy. And we have solar cells. I suggest that we uh decide on that one uh immediately. Then I have all lists. So My personal uh fav favourite is the kinetic provision because uh I ha I think so, yes. Yes. Yes. Because I had the information uh you take uh the remote control, you pick it up at least two times a day. So then it's already shaken and gives energy.. Or Think Hmm. Hmm. Other options are solar cells, hand dynamo and basic battery. Only basic battery? Okay, but I think this is not a r. Yeah. Yeah, but I think this rules out our unit our rechargeable unit. This is really a really basic battery, a normal battery. Huh? Okay, that's uh. Okay? Okay, but then we don't offer a re-chargement function. That's what it says. Exactly. Alright. Right. Yep. Next one is curving. Uh we can make a model that has one curve, two or three. And uh uh th uh the shape. Of course uh the more curves the more expensive. Exactly. Yes. Hmm. Hmm. I think one curve is uh fine. More expensive. More difficult to make. Exactly. And I believe even that the r the number of options we have on putting things in it uh goes down with exactly. Material. I have to offer a plastic, rubber, wood or titanium. Uh if we choose plastic, we cannot choose solar cells for energy. If we choose titanium, uh we cannot use more than one curve. But we don't have that so fast. Mm. Mm. Okay. No. But I think wood is not an option either. Okay. Hmm. Okay. My personal thought was uh rubber because I had an email, I believe it was from you, uh f against falling. Hmm. Okay. Uh Mm. Yeah. Mm. I think we have to decide on this anyway. Uh because if we make removeable covers, it has to be one of those mat materials. We have no more than this. So Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Okay. Alright. Then I proceed, but I need to know after this meeting. So Interface, uh I have four things to offer, pu uh normal push-buttons of course. Um uh we have a lot of expertise on that one. We have a large history, our company, on push-buttons. Scroll-wheels, uh those can be pushed as well, although that is more expensive. Um liquid crystal colour display and um What is this? Okay, and if we use rubber, I already mentioned that, we can only use rubber buttons. So rubber can only match with rubber. Which one of those are we gonna use? Push-buttons, that's b uh I think basic. Huh. No. I think the channels. Oh. Yeah.. Huh? Huh. Hmm. But Huh? Oh. Ah so but it looks cool. Mm no. Oh. Ah. flashy and yeah. I think would be cool, scroll-wheel. It's not that much uh if we take a normal scroll-wheel without the pushing, then it's not expensive. We can do that. Think. Ah we don't need it, but it's uh it's design a design thing. I think they are looking for that. Of course we have uh a young target group. So they might find that attractive in a remote con Okay. So push-buttons we will use. Uh L_C_D_ screen? Is that s Uh I only know that if we are using that, we need ano uh an advanced chip in it. And that is more expensive. I have no idea. I have no absolute numbers. I only have Yeah, but I don't think room is really an issue. Mm-hmm. Okay. Electronics, uh the first one is the chip. Uh that's no longer an option, it has to be an advanced one now. 'Cause we have the L_C_D_ screen. Then we have an infrared sender, I think that's basic, we cannot do without. Otherwise it's not s a remote control. And we have the sample sensor and speaker, the voice recognition thing. Are we gonna do that or not? I only have uh uh relative information. Oh how did you That goes also for the scroll-wheel, by the way. Hmm. Yeah. Hmm. But don't we have any w uh information about scroll-wheel? Scroll-wheel. If people would like that. That's strange, because that's the same story. It's it's not necessary like an L_C_D_, but it's just it adds something to the design. Hmm. No. Oh that's r But I think uh we now already have to uh implement uh an advanced chip. So it's m No, but that's that's okay. There is still time. Yes, this was uh the last M_S_. I have a clear picture. Hmm. Hmm, I agree. Hmm. Hmm. No. Yeah, uh I agree. Okay, agreement. Mm-hmm. That's true. Hmm. Hmm. Oh, that's true. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. But I think, according to my information, this would be two curves. We have one left and one right, and that disables what was it again? It's some it's something that we cannot do then. Okay, that's not a problem. That's only for the titanium. We don't have. Yes. Then w yeah, but we don't have that. So we have We have no. But they uh They th these wha are what they call the curves. This side, this side, this is how they count. No no. This is what they uh what they mean. Okay, that's not really a good. It's like this. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Yep. So I can uh qui oh. I can quickly make a conclusion of what we have decided so far. Hmm. Hmm. Me too. Hmm. Hmm. I would prefer round. But doesn't matter, doesn't matter. That's not a big deal, think. Hmm. Hmm. Huh. It can be curved. Yes. I would curve the whole actually. I would curve the whole. Like um like it hangs over your hand a little bit. Then it will bounce and you don't drop it so easily. Yeah, something like that, yes. Yes, exactly. I think continue like that. Then there's also enough room for the electronics. Yeah. Let's make it yellow then. Uh Maybe once we can make a special edition in according with Chiquita. Have ourselves sponsored. Uh but it's a good trade-off for them if they can have their logo on it. Mm-hmm. They might wanna be the first ones to uh Oh, perhaps they can use it. Or give a special edition uh with with Mm. I think this is possible. Huh. It doesn't matter. You can actually uh place a chip for the L_C_D_ screen and at the bottom, and and wire it. Doesn't matter. I think on top. Mm-hmm. It is, I believe, also able to talk. I have a sample uh sample sensor and the speaker sensor. Uh the speaker sensor we already have, but s I don't know what they exactly mean by a sample sensor. Could it talk back? Like uh g uh give confirmation or something. I think it can. I think if you have a a speech recognition component, then a s speaking component is not that hard to to put in either. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. But Mm-hmm. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Mm. Hmm. We already have a sound component, by the way, for the beep. So beep. Hmm. I'm not sure. I should be getting new information, I guess. Yes. But we have any company logo. We have yes, but and yellow. I would change. I would take a yellow remote control. To have it flashy, to have it it's for young people. Need do be different. Hmm. But we need to be different. Mm-hmm. Huh. It's either black cover with yellow buttons or vice versa. And I would say take a yellow cover and black buttons. To be different. Yeah, we have so many colours already. So Oh no, that I think it's good thing to be different than Well Mm-hmm. I still don't have my scroll-wheel though. Uh that's Nah, that's true. No, forget it. No look, it No, that's not my point. It's not because it's functional, but it's just to add to the design, to have it flashy. It it has no function, I agree. I agree. Oh, so many things have no function, just design. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Let's vote on it. Then we don't have to talk about it any longer. What do you want? In or out? Okay. You are out of course. You are okay, clear. I have all my answers, yes. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. There is I have one question. Hmm. Hmm. I only have one question with the material, but I don't have information that. We've chosen rubber. No, but can we make yellow rubber? I think so Okay. Mm. Okay. Hmm.
Yeah, sh not quite. You will see uh Woah. Yeah. Mm uh nothing special. Uh Yeah, the for uh the trendy uh stuff. A little bit. I uh now will show it. Okay. Yeah, I had the same. It just uh shuts itself down and Oh.. Yep. Mm uh-huh. I bet Oh okay. Um Yeah. A rechargeable maybe. Re rechargeable basi Yeah. Yep. Basic. Okay. Okay. But But It dep But Yeah. Yeah. Depends on the user. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. Are are we focussi focussing on on the But But Not that but are we focussing on the uh younger people or the elder people? Younger, okay. Yeah, that's okay. Nah, that's But But th the younger people my investigation turns out that the younger people want a little bit uh material that that is uh spongy and uh So A sc Yeah. Yeah, you get No. Scroll-wheel? Uh I don't know. Yeah, that's it. Yeah... For the future. Yeah. Yep Yep. Um uh The most of them um Um uh more than uh sixty percent. Yeah. Mean of uh seventy percent I think. Uh I'm I have to look it up. No. No, only Ah. I don't know. On the most spee But Yeah, for the future. Yeah. People Ri So only r right-handed. But it but it's only right-handed then. Not for the left. Or Where? Wher Oh in the back, okay. Oh yeah yeah. Okay. Oh yeah yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah yeah. Yeah. I thought it Well it it's yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No it maybe it's better to look uh what the people want. So I can uh show my uh investigation. Yeah, maybe it's better. Especially for young people. Um where is that? Where is th Oh. Uh Yeah. Mm I forgot that. Okay, now it must be there. Yeah, here it is. Oh yeah. Okay, uh the investigation turns out that the most appear uh people want um um uh look and feel likes is uh uh the s the same as before, but it must be w a little bit fancier than uh the the look of it. Um the second important thing is um the it must be uh technol technological uh innova vative. So that's the L_C_D_ screen is perfect, I think, and not uh Yeah, tha that's uh very important. And a third thing is um yeah, it's uh should be easy to use, so not not too much bu buttons and uh channel selection. I think that's uh what you showed is uh perfect. And what the pe young people want is uh in Paris and and in Milan uh it showed out that the fruit and vegetables are uh are trendy. Th they you s you see it in the clothes and everything. And um the contrast uh of it, it must uh the the buttons must a little bit spongy material. So uh rubber, I think uh th that's the best. No. So we are uh we were focussing uh on the younger people. So the elder, yeah, they wanted a little bit of wood in it and uh that's uh th that's not uh important now. Yeah. Yeah, but Yeah. 'Cause uh n I I I I thought uh it makes a young uh classic remote with uh Yeah, that's why I I d uh decided With a fruit uh cover ov or something like that. Uh. Yeah, in in form of an uh vegetable or an uh fruit, maybe. And Oh, where is your A trendy Here he here you can put a Uh maybe it But Yeah. All uh veg uh fruit and vegetables are round. So it's better Yeah. Two? But it But it's that that's for the comfort. It's it's not for the trendy thing of it. Yeah? Okay, yeah. So the no. We m form. Yeah. But you can make uh if you want to use a fruit in uh in uh Uh Hey, you You can make it like Like this. Well Oh. As a example. But I d Hmm. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah And speech w recognition. Are we We Little uh voice uh Record and a uh no. Yeah. Form of fruit. It's better. Yeah. Yep. And what about Oh. What about a button for your uh favourite channel? Uh yeah. With the extra controls. Uh Uh one one set Yeah, you have to put it up uh One of the four. Uh, it's better than, I think. It's a favourite channel. What? Nee, uh one of the four uh It's better th Yeah. Hmm. Mm. Why? Yeah. Uh-huh. Yep. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, it's perfect. Yeah. Okay. Top? W On there. No.. Mm-hmm.. Beep. Oh. Yep. Okay. Ah, that's fine. Round. Wh Why? It's the colour of a But, the you The young people want uh a trendy uh remote control. So colourful uh is Yeah. You have the basic colours, blue, green, red. Oh, it's okay. Yeah. Colourful, you you Yep. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You can Ah may But uh uh scroll for a channel s selection or volume Ma Oh okay. Oh okay. Out. I have to call this in a form. Ah. But we ha w we don't uh use our reco uh we uh removable cover? No, huh? Maybe maybe later, maybe we can uh
Well, I had just a little bit of time, so I hope it's something uh we can work with. But Hmm? Well, I heard that there was a new uh component speech recognition component, which was pretty much up to standard, so we might use that I put that in my drawing, but again I didn't not have that much time. So Okay, that's just super. Let me just uh You need to start it up first? Okay. Okay, what t Okay, yeah. Is that enough? Because I don't really see people shaking their remote control before using it. No. And what does the hand dynamo oh, sorry. Oh. Curves being? Of the remote control itself, okay. I was thinking along the line of one curve. I'll show that in my design. So we'll get back to that. Okay, I t I'd go for plastic because I have a couple of curves in my design. Well, g let's just get back to that. No, wood's not an option. No. Yeah, but it doesn't have to be unbreakable, because we do need to keep selling these thing Okay, well that that's definitely true. Because it well, ru will rubber actually protect the remote control itself? Because it Yeah, but then you buy a new cover. But rubber Okay. Yeah, of cour Yeah, but there is a is it really necessary 'cause a normal push-button can do that job. Yeah, but why would we use it? Perhaps. I have t I have two different Okay. I have two designs, one including uh an L_C_D_ screen, wh which is basically the deluxe edition. And then I also have a standard edition, which wi we can also choose to develop too. Exactly. But we'll Yep. Basically, it Oh, I got I got an email that it's relatively small. Yes, let me just Get back. Well, they b they basically can have speech recognition. I mainly focused on the L_C_D_ uh aspect. 'Cause you wanted to see them, right? So this is basically the deluxe edition. I j Why is it square? It 'cause it's designy. It's basically it has some futuristic Potentially, yeah. I don't really know. But I just thought that uh in normal remote controls you have like smooth curves and this and that, and this is something new, this is something different, something fresh. And basically what you can see here is that it has a little, yeah, let's say gap which you can put your finger in. So you can you can hold it really comfortable, that's basically the idea. Or left hand. I doesn't really matter. As you can see, this is the remote control Uh you can't really see it that well, but this is the L_C_D_ screen. So just imagine it goes that way. Then you can see you can hold it in your left or in your right hand. And I also made a quick image, 'cause I did not have that much time, of the standard edition which has basically the keys are pretty much the same. Yeah. I had to do this really fast. So excuse me for the uh inconvenience here, but as you can see, the keys moved. Yeah. So these are basically the two types we have. So if we were to select the L_C_D_ screen, the transmitter here, you can see the light i Well we can shift that. But normally, as you can see there, we put the uh number buttons right on top. Whereas because we had the L_C_D_ screen here, we had to move them downward, so what you could say is that Because these are basically the functions you use the most. So if you hold it in your hand like this, you put your finger in the gap, this is the m most easy part. Bit. For zapping, cau because people are zapping most of the time. Okay. So that's pretty much ha which I had in mind. As you can see here, this can be spaced for extra keys, which is the design thingys. Yeah. Speech recognition. Then rubber would be the best as a material indeed. If that is the uh It could be a c it could be a cover. But it's not. Our focus is the young audience. So let's stick to that. Yeah, but that's just more a se a seasonal, a trend thing. The idea now is is is that you can uh put a cover on it, for example, with fruit, like a shape or whatever. But not 'cause a n next year it will it'll be something completely different. And then you have your apple-shaped remote control, which is not trendy anymore. So I think that's more something you can focus Well, you can s What you can do is smooth the edges indeed. But that will bring extra c expenses. Well we've got we've got like one curve here. For the gap. And we could have one here. No, no no no no. What I'm just 'cause you mentioned that more curves the more expensive, so I'm just taking that into account. Well we picked rubber, right? So basically what we can do is m make these edges a little bit less sharp. But the problem then is that it will start to resemble m the remote controls as we have them today. We were looking at something fresh, something trendy Okay. Okay, so that's basically silly. But isn't the f the fruit like a cover thing, because we No, but But if we put that directly into the design, we limit ourselves extremely. Because it that's just for one seasonal trend. Okay, so that's well, that's probabl, you'd just like it to go a little bit more like this. Okay. Did you present e everything you wanted to? Okay. Uh we still need to decide on a couple of things you you needed to know. Are we all in agreement about the, well, the primary structure of the of my design? Except for the edges. Like the keys there. Yeah. To create a kind of disco effect when you That was basically what w Light for the finding of the remote. We can also use one light for showing that the signal is being sent. But So we have the teletext we have here, we have the mute. L_C_D_ screen. This is the on off button. Speech recognition, I where did I imagine. I did that pretty much over here, so that you could use it like this and speak to it. Then you have the uh extra keys for teletext, mute, two buttons which can be pretty much anything or nothing. We can also just not use them. Main controls and a key-pad. Will be fine. Yeah, but that would this was just in the design. Because if you I had a square design. So I had square buttons. But in that case the round buttons would be more appropriate. Yeah. The left one is teletext and the right one is mute. And these two buttons are or not necessary or Yeah, the triangles would be best indeed. I personally think that a round b button looks bit silly, but Does everybody agree on that? You prefer a round? Okay. Yeah, you can. But it but it's not necessary, becau We could put our logo there. Oh that could be that b Well now it's getting a little bit too crowded up there. So Is your So it can basically be the button down below or one of the four buttons up there. Because One of the four is better, I suppose. Because it's a little bit confusing to have twelve buttons down there, because you're only accustomed to eleven, I'd say. Oh, we still need an okay button. Well, you could also shift the two buttons to be nicely aligned. Oh, we're pretty much missing an okay button, but we have a button up there which is still free. So Yeah, pretty much. Well, I think it looks better curved. But that's probably uh It can be curved, because that yeah, it's a little bit more trendy to be curved. Hmm? But it pretty much looks like a banana already. Uh It's fruit. Yeah. Or they can design their own cover. We could set up a a marketing uh agreement. Won't that be a problem with the L_C_D_ screen? Yeah, but the L_C_D_ screen probably needs quite the chip. Okay. Okay, that's not a problem. Okay. I think we get the idea. Oh, basically the idea that I had was it to be pretty much in combination with the transmitter. 'Cause you can talk to it like this. Well, the email said it was a quite a small component. So I don't see that. It's a Well, the Yeah, but do you actually need the remote talking back? Beep. At the back, yeah. Like that. Or at the side. Which is. So what's basically edi the editi idea, sorry, now? We need to stay here and work out that. Well, I suppose we'll Pretty much. Yeah, but when you use covers, it basically easier to have a n have a neutral colour on the base. No, we're designing the remote control now, but taking that into consideration, it's better to have a neutral base colour than to have a flashy It is more trendy. That's definitely true. Oh, where would you like to put it? Uh you could use it for the channels and for the volume. But it's has no real added value. Yeah, but if it has no function, then Basically out. I don't see the Do you have all your answers? Okay. Yes, you can colour rubber, yeah.
";"For the conceptual design, the ID suggested to use kinetic dynamo as energy source. The decision veered towards the basic battery option with no recharging station. They also decided to go for a single-curved design. The available materials for the casing are plastic, wood, rubber and titanium. Possible interfaces are push buttons, scroll wheels, and LCDs. The inclusion of advanced features, like LCD screen and speech recognition, can only be speculative, because the team have no pricing information. The UI presented two provisional designs, standard and luxury. The latter has an LCD screen at the top. They are both rectangular with a curve grooved in where the finger rests. There are two lights to help find the remote, all the standard buttons and speech recognition. The marketing expert talked about the public's preference for looks over technological innovation; however, they both seem to be more important than ease of use. The current fashion among younger people favours bright colours and fruit and vegetable themes and spongy materials: pertinent exchangeable fronts can express such trends on the remote. Based on the UI's drawing, they designed another version shaped slightly like a banana, and discussed the positions of buttons and all other components. "
"Uh we don't have any changes, do we? So no. It's basically what we agreed upon, but just a little bit more specified. Uh s Final design. Basically in what we discussed, cover and buttons will be made of rubber, yellow colour, black components, as you can see right over here. We chose a different type of colour for the menu. A bit darker yellow so that it com really shows in this keypad. If you put them all black, it's not really that good a contrast. So Probab Yeah. That's the be And it I guess it's more easier to just paint it on the rubber than to uh So we have it's a bit round shaped, that's what we had uh We chose the buttons to be uh teletext, okay button, favourite channel and the mute. So that's basically what we chose there. If you have anything to add, please interrupt me. Oh. That's pretty much it. Oh sorry. I'd say that too. Uh we don't really have a extra function with the speech sample, which you can't do with a normal remote control, which people already do. So Well, I'd I tend to disagree with you on that, because the trend issue was a big issue when we started designing this. So can't we just basically extend it to thirteen? Okay. Yeah. We do. We could take out a curve indeed. I think the colour is more important than the really the curve, because if you just end up with an entirely black remote control So black and grey is okay. Which we can fabricate, okay. No, we basically We need to stick to that. But they don't Well And if we So which curve is that ba that's basically that curve. So we could u still have the comfort. I second that. No, that it would turn out to be a pretty straight-forward remote control. So that's not really that I would Yeah. I would say I would agree with you on the colour, because that's an extra option, an extra service we can deliver for a little bit of more money. So we can always do that. Which is basically what we discussed. Yes, we could have Well I hope it sells. Which are basically accessible through the menu button. Yeah. Which is not an option. To make it that way, yeah. Mm yeah. And it's pretty straight-forward, you have a navigation no keys to navigate through the L_C_D_ menus. So One I d no, actu No, it it is pretty straight-forward. Yeah. Yeah. Well, basically the menu options indeed. But No. Yeah. Yeah. Two or three. So You can seven. Or we could say it Or we could say neutral, we 'cause we scratched the C No, we don't have the colour. So I Yes, but the end product So Maybe we should go with a two then, because it's not perfect, because we can't do it initially, but we Yeah. Overall score. Ten, sixteen, divided by Is two two third. There's Yeah, if we make it into a four, as in neutral, because we didn't implement it, so we can't say that we that it's really not well implemented. We come out on a average of two one eighth. So which is pretty w good. It's at least on the positive side. So We could definitely have done better if we've had more resources, but Yeah. True. So did you Yeah. And we could share information which we received. Yeah. Although for actual design I'd say the response time should be a little bit higher, because The digital pen was definitely better to draw my ideas and to further elaborate on that. So Oh can you? Okay. Yeah, well it could also possibly be well, is it a more real-time information base, so we can all see which information is available to one another. Well, I personally did not have that, but That's probably your l description. But I also didn't not really. But still, you had that as well. Is that we finished up the design and then we checked the website, and then there was just extra information. There was a little delay in the bit of a c crucial delay. How much time do we have for this anyway? Yeah. Champagne. Product name. The bana 'cause it's not yellow anymore. Well, uh I was going for the R_C_ deluxe, but it's not really a catchy name or anything, it's more Something with our company name, can we do anything with that? Maybe there's something on the website which will help us out. The reaction deluxe. Is that a name or a c campaign? Yeah. Or the The real reactor. You should write it down as a an option. So that's one option. Should I write the banana down or Sure? Well I Uh do you mean it like You mean it like this? Dash C_? Like a C_ right now or a dash in a C_? Is it triple R_C_s? No. Well, that's another option. Okay, so which ones are we going to scratch definitely? I say this one as well. Triple R_? Triple R_ it is. Yeah, sure. I don't really know whether we can save it as a picture or no. Sure. Network places. I wouldn't pick that one, no. Sure. Oh. I see you later.
I think it's more or less the same as we had. No much s No no no, not at all. Hmm. Yeah, of course. That's uh the integration story again. No, uh this is just a description of what we see there. So Speaks for itself. Hmm. I d Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Huh. Okay, but there's another problem. But there's another problem. If we take another cover, for instance black, then we also need another button frame, 'cause black and black doesn't work obviously. Huh. Huh. Yeah. Hmm. Hmm. Right. I agree. Mm-hmm. Or say let's lose rubber, take plastic. Yes. Although we are demolishing a little bit the style. But Yeah. Can we then not also uh change the material? We take plastic for the basic cover and We can put those to the to the other covers. That's true. But okay. But what do you then suggest we'd lose? Because we have to lose two things and I guess. Yes. Okay, and that's enough? Hmm. Hmm. Perhaps we should make m Huh. Perhaps we should make clear to our customer that we had to do this to stay under the cost. And that's uh they know that this is an option and that we had to drop the option to stay under the cost, that they know that. Perhaps they decide tha Of course. Perhaps they uh no, but perhaps they think uh okay, the cover is such a nice idea, uh let's that that then they uh that allow us to make some more costs. We ca we uh we can at least tell them that You don't know that. Huh. No, I'm not uh talking about that cost but the one that g has given us the order to design this. We could at least m uh make it like this, like you said, and then tell them okay, we had to drop this and that, just that you know. It is an still an option, but not for this price. Exactly, but Hmm. I'd say lose the curve and the colour and Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Oh. I agree. No. Hmm? Yes. Huh. Hmm. Me too, I felt a bit blind throughout the project, because in the beginning I had no list of available materials, and then I d had not list of available c finances. So Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. One. Hmm. Manual. I think the L_C_D_ display could be a little bit more difficult then a normal remote control, but then again, it's for young people. So Yeah, I th Exactly. No, that's true. I think it won't be a big problem. Ah. Um With the more important functions on. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. the menus uh Things like brightness and uh those kind of things we've put in the menu, because we have no buttons for those. Yes. Mm. Yes. Nah, it's not really only an extra. No menus. Think about Hmm. But M Changing covers is also trend that we followed. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm. Six. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Hmm, of course. Mm-hmm. But I think for this price, this is it's really a reasonable product. It's a good product. Oh. Oh. Yeah. But if pep people really want speech recognition, then they must be prepared to pu to pay more, because it's cannot be done for this. Hmm yeah. Ah but for this price uh you cannot ask that. You cannot th think of that No, it's not. Mm-hmm. Oh It's also more attractive. Hmm. Yes. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Huh. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. That's the same thing that I had in the beginning. Everybody was using materials that s I didn't have. So Oh. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Mm-hmm. But there's uh also one problem with this I noticed. Uh you have to finish a page before going to a n Oh. Okay, I saw that uh Hmm. Yeah, but I made Okay, but I made three pages and they were not finished. And when the third one was finished, I wanted to download it and then it was not possible anymore, because you have to close all the pinnits uh the pages before going further. Exactly. So we cannot work on more than one page at same time. That's not possible. You have to finish it completely, then download it, it's then start a new one. That's not very uh handy, but if you know that, then it's not a problem. Hmm. Mm-hmm. Ah. Well Hmm. Huh. Yeah.. Yeah, Mm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. Hmm. No.. Okay, bring out the beer. I have no more email. My coach is uh being very silent now. No, we haven't think above about that. Huh. It's better than thi I think than a serial number. Sony uh T_R_ something uh f means nothing to me. Uh Like fruit names. Uh at least it's not something with numbers. Numbers are so meaningless to the people. I mean. Real Reaction. Real react. The Real Reactor, I don't find that uh that bad at all. Yeah. Because our name is Real Reaction. I'm looking for things in the name. So that the first three letters are s the same. R_E_A_ R_E_A_. The triple R_. Real Reaction remotes control. Triple R_.? yeah. Yeah, that.. I think triple R_. Doesn't sound? Yeah. Ah. I think I like it like this more. Hmm. Mm. I would huh. I would lose the C_ and just name it triple R_. It sounds like uh thinking about two different things and combining it. I would just say triple R_s triple R_ That's also short, catchy. Banana.. Yes. did you do now? Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Mm-hmm. The boss is always the last one to go home. So See you in a minute. Okay. Can't we take this one? Otherwise we have to do it all over again. Is it okay if I try? Is that okay with you? I'll put it back in a minute. Okay, it has been saving something, but where to I don't know. Oh, can I say exp yes, I can. Export as J_ PEG.. Okay, can I not put this wherever I wants. My document is the wrong one, huh. I cannot. I don't think so. Document and settings. That's a pity. That means that we have to gonna draw it again. Are you gonna do that? Okay. That Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yes, that's correct. Okay. No. Oh, it's export. Okay. Oh, of course. Sorry.
Hmm. Hmm? Mm yeah. Okay. Yeah. Hmm. Yeah. Pushbut Special colour, yeah. Yeah, it The p And the p What. But uh the and Yeah. The people Spongy, yeah. Yeah. And But But The people want to pay for for it, so why why uh do we have to keep us uh uh um on the twelve and a half? Yeah. But we can take a risk. Okay, yeah. I hope the people will like it, but Yeah. Yeah. The first sheet. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's better. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. And I want to do that. Yeah. Yeah. But Let's um see um Um Let's Uh Oh. Hmm. Okay, let's eval evaluate uh the product of us, our design. Um I have some uh a method, a requirements and scale of. I uh will pre present uh some statements and we will decided together wha what if it's true or false and uh then we see uh if the requirements of the user are fulfilled or not. And I will uh make a new blank sheet. So so the buttons, the look and feel. I thought it was okay, but the advanced uh settings, um screen, audio and channel We are not Oh the menu button is it. Hi Oh, okay. Then it's all uh S it's true. Yeah. So d Oh wait. Uh pen. The p Oh yeah, it's red, okay, but Look and feel is everybo it's true. So Anyone? And the next one uh yeah, when it's lost uh you can find it. It's Yeah. And it's and it's yeah. To. That's okay then. And the next one. How is that? Uh w we had we don't have an uh manual, yeah. But I think that's a part of it. But Yeah, an L_C_D_, it tells a lot about uh Yeah. So it's a one or a I don't know. For the advanced uh settings. No okay, that uh that's true. Oh, so it Takes no ti Yeah. And the L_C_D_, you have to see it. Um mm Oh, it's a little bit learning. Okay. Uh yeah it's uh a little bit same. But it tells you or not? But wha w oh, yeah. What are we uh displaying on the L_C_D_ screen? Just uh only the channels and or What uh? Oh, in the L_C_D_ screen. And for a channel selection, uh or that's not Yeah, I thought I thought too but yeah. But Maybe a T_V_ guide or something in your L_C_D_ uh Yeah. Yeah, it must be clear then what what what for we use it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, indeed. So everybody's agree with an uh three on it, it's W Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I A three. Ah, nothing, that's A seven. Uh that's uh Yeah. Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Not with the speech recognition. Uh yeah, all the trends and no colours uh anymore. So Yeah, uh um only in the curves. But the colours, we don't have special colours on it. Yeah, but we yeah, we don't have it, so d In the end product. Now But it's not a one. Yeah. Oh. Oh well Oops. Oh it's a two, right? On the last one. Uh that n that's all. Overall. It's um ten, sixteen three uh two two point seven or something like that. I don't know why. Six. Um So we can say it's it's the product is it's okay. Y not Yeah. Woah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, with. The scale. Yeah. With an L_C_D_ screen. Yeah, you can make 'em another one. Yeah. Yeah. Favourite channel. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Yeah, you're working separate. Yeah. Yeah, yeah yeah. Yeah yeah yeah. Direct uh communication with yeah. Yeah. My handwriting is little bit yeah. Yeah. But th that's Yeah, okay. No. You can Done and then it's okay. Oh, okay. Okay, yeah. Okay. Oh. Hmm. Important to mm Yeah. Mm Yeah, after After five minutes, uh Yeah. Email uh it's Yeah. I want one for my own. Yeah. Yeah, my personal coach i What Yeah, name. Or fruit name. Fruit name or something like that. The banana remote or something. I don't know. Yeah, it's the form of it. Yeah oh, yeah. Uh yeah. Uh Yeah. That's true. Reaction, Real Reaction... Zapping. The Yeah, sure. The banana. Remote. Banana recei R_C_. Remote. R_ three C_. R_ three C_. Real Reaction Remote Control. R_ three C_. Oh yeah. Yeah, triple R_. Triple R_C_. The triple R_C_, yeah. R_ s R_ three C_.. Triple R_ dash. That Yeah, this yeah. Triple remote. Yeah. It's okay. The banana. Banana. Yeah, the deluxe. The r triple R_. Yeah. It can't work. That will not Okay. Damn. I will write that one in a Word uh document. Oh sh Um Yeah, okay, I will ask you when uh I need the information. So it's oh. Uh Oh. Merge. Sucks. Yeah, but I don't know. Smart no. Ma it's maybe it's not on the network of uh the rest. That one is.. Yeah. Okay. Oh yeah,. Can I see scores? Uh, one one, two threes, two Okay, then we'll overall, two points. Yes. Yeah. Mm.
Can I close this? Oh, okay. There we go. Okay, here we are again. Detailed design oh, come on. Well Ah s Forgot to insert the minutes, but it's about the same thing we discussed before. Uh Could open that anyway, think. Other design anyway, we took as we took w we took rubber as as the material last time. We also that you're just busy with it. Took the advanced chip to t uh implement the advanced features. Well, we discussed the design, no sharp corners, we rounded it off, like you see on the other screen, which is fine. Um we agreed that the colour should be b uh yellow and black. Yellow in the back because it's m trendy, more trendy than black anyway. So then we ca yeah. We agreed that we would implement both the L_C_D_ and speech recognition, but I'll get to that in a moment. 'Cause some changes in the finances have left us implications anyway. So so, like I said, we had no insight in finances, no prices, but we have 'em now, and it's bad. Anyway. We are Oh. Prototype presentation, well first you guys built the prototype. So you could could present that. But um let's see what be handy to do. Nee no, you just go ahead and present the w we'll scrap it later because What? Oh that's hasn't changed that much, huh? I didn't expect anyway. You just coloured it. Mm-hmm. I like the menu. Mm-hmm. And I suppose the the the yellow is not printed on the on the rubber. It's it's part of the rubber, I suppose. I think that's more I think that's more durable anyway than printed on to Oh yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Now it's my time to ruin everything. Well, not ruin everything, but no, nah. Finances, that's what we have here, what you drew. We have battery power, we have advanced chips and the sam the sensor. The sample sensor and uh for speak recognition anyway. So which you see the which is de o one of the most expensive parts. So well, we have sin one curve, a design. Rubber design. And we had a special colour. Suppose yellow is a special colour. So just half a Euro for You have pushbuttons and an L_C_D_ display. You have the total of seventeen Euros in production cost, which is higher than the twelve and a half that we are permitted to use. So, easy. What do we scrap. Well think I had the best solution that I came up with is just to s take out the speech recognition. Because the L_C_D_ has more support on customer side. There are ninety one percent of uh the people, or something like that. But ninety percent who favour an L_C_D_ display, and only sixty percent that favour speech recognition. I think it's also harder to. So I ju I took that out. So and so it's still stuck with thirteen, so I had to take out the special colour I suppose. And, yeah, I didn't see anything else I could take out. Yeah, I could take out the push-buttons, but we need those. So, generally what I came up with, in order to be cou to to have production cost of twelve and a half Euros, spe scrap speech recognition and the separate covers can account for the if people want it, we'll just then we'll do it in black. We'll just deliver it in black, have the it has all the function that it's supposed to have, and if you want it if you want the custom design, then you can buy the separate covers. You make it d orange or whatever you want. It was a big issue, but I'll just go back. Uh let's just let's see what okay, let's just see what we no, we we have to be under twelve and a half. It it's not uh the project is a no-go if we go over twelve and a half, so. I think you that's what you were ass assigned to do really, to to see how b th both those work together. So I think yeah, it's I think it's y one of the it's a good way to um to help people uh to make to keep the product trendy too. Just keep you just make new covers for the for it, like we agreed before. And everything that's left is is the basic function that uh that we want our product to have. Because the expensive parts are in either the advanced chip. But we need that for the L_C_D_ display. Then again, we have the L_C_D_ display, which is also expensive. B yeah, but those go together. And yeah, we could take out the curve. Could we could take out the curve. Is that an option? For you? Yeah. I think it's it it does ruin it, but the fact that I t took that decision or t Took this example actually, not really decision, but the example is because we do offer the um the possibility of adding your own custom covers. So you can change any colour you want. So it's just you deliver a basic remote control with a possibility to change you into whatever you want. You can take plastic, but I d it's something that's stuck into my mind is that something that really came forward from the marketing research is that people like the the the the squishy feeling of the spongy feeling of the and it really makes it also makes it different from the existing remote controls, because they're all plastic. So which in in turn Rubber would increase durability because it doesn't break. I al like I said, I lost the speech recognition and I lost the special colour, which would make this black a black and grey. Yeah, that's that that that's enough, because I guess those are the basic colours. So Oh. I think those are basic col They want to To ensure the profit. That that's th that's the order. We're just uh we're the project team and we got our our orders from the pro from the boss of our company which say we don't wanna spend more than twelve fifty for this. But that's not for our that's not our decision to take. We have a budget of twelve fifty per product. So Stick that. I don't think it's really bad either. I mean if we we have the the backup of or the backup design thing to have I think they would do. Th I think they do like because yo we you we agree upon that the that the the the cover thing was a nice idea, because p you could have all sort of designs while at the same time just manufacturing one product, one basic product which you could turn into any any taste you want. So I think it's the best solution to make those cu custom covers for the design aspect and keep the functionality between of within the th the boundaries of the your f uh your budget. So Well I don't think Yeah. Is it worth is it is it does it mean anything to the customer? Like, it like, we don't care we don't care that you had to True, but we did we didn't get that. So I think it's it should either be a pack, maybe we sh that should be sold in in the s in stores with with a standard cover or something. But They could, but uh It's an option, but yeah, it's true. So actually uh it's not that much of an increase, but yeah. We cannot contact them. It's just the order that we got. So that's what we gotta go with. So it's either one fi just just to get it f just to get it through final, it's either turned into plastic, drop the squishy feel, make it make it more breakable, um or turn it yellow. So It's uh something we have to decide on. I say lose the curve. Oh that's true, we could lose the c yeah, I forgot that, sorry. Uh the curve. So That's just this one just d this is the banana curve. So this would this would be straight. No, uh no, that would be a curve inside the thing, I guess. No, would ju then it would just be a straight remote. Just like like that. Which would, yeah, turn it into something far more ordinary. we could make it yellow then, but You second that, you second that we lose the curve. Okay, yeah. So I think it would be a good idea to keep the curve to separate it from the rest of the remote control world, so to speak. So we keep the curve. So the only only solution is either to use the l y lose the yellow or lose the rubber. And I'm in favour of keeping the rubber, because it has more more advantages than the colour yellow has. Mm-hmm. Yeah, um I guess people are willing to pay for that. So I think we can take that option and just with uh with the idea in the back of our head that you can customise your remote control. So I think that would still make it a nice product. Okay, we're final on that. So it's too bad we can't make the whole super thing. But anyways we're here. Um yeah. This we discussed just now. That's just now just we could just discuss how the project went. I mean, was kind of I sort of expected that everything would turn out this way, but because you yeah, everything cannot be for free. We didn't I think it was too bad we didn't have the financial info the last time. Because that was I th it was really essential really to ma because we spent uh uh entire stage designing a product of which we had no idea what it would cost. So we just put something I think it's really nor not in stroke with reality actually. So Yeah. Yeah, I think would have been. Materials would be ok at least the last meeting I would have expected had to have that. So I suppose Yeah, let's see if it sells. I mean I suppose this sells, because it's very very extended. But I suppose it sells, because it's good. I mean it's got everything for the for the reasonable price, because we didn't know what it's gonna cost anyway. Okay. Have been met, okay. Yeah. They're stuck under menu. For the menu. I think those are totally met, because we we really took them for the they have the feel they want, they have the simplicity they want. I think it's very uh very well met. Either two or one maybe. I think we took that everything they wanted into consideration. So it could either be a two or a one. One and a half. Just create our own option. Yeah. It's perfect. Even for deaf people, yeah. It's I don't think it's perfect, but we did everything possible to to get it back. Because if it's stuck in you couch, you can see the light. Maybe you can hear it. But I mean we tried, so I think it that's that deserves a one. Definitely. I'd use an remote control. It's pretty straight-forward, uh-huh. I think but we didn't even there was no issue on making a manual actually. We didn't really discuss it, but I don't think it takes no, it really does doesn't take time to learn, I think. We took it s it's so easy, we have so little button, everything speaks for itself really. So I think that's yeah, we didn't it's either two or one, I guess. Maybe it's a two, because d uh the L_C_D_ is a little is a little new and there is there are some option hidden under the menu button. So I might make this a two instead of a one, I guess. So just make that a two. You can use the L_C_D_ in a good way. I think so. I think it's perfect, the w where it is, what it can do, if it useful. I think so. No, y I mean in the L_C_D_ screen, the small screen. What does it display? Well I thought it was I thought it was I thought that people wanted previews on their I'm not sure if that even possible, but 'cause it's this requires a quite quite a bit of band-width. I don't think it's possible really. But the they didn't really define in what should be used for. But I think in for example like T_V_ guides, I think that's that th that you can transmit through it and everything. Just for extra information on your programmes. But also things like like like menus or p how about preferences of your uh with configuring your remote control for favourite your favourite channel for example, how do you configure that. So that could be done by L_C_D_ display. I think it's good. No, maybe it's not a one because it's we're not using it perfectly. We didn't give it I don't thing over-discussing. Now we gave it enough thought though. I think we d should just lower this. Maybe maybe it's a three though. We could've used it more effectively probably. Yeah, we are using it, but it's not it's not poorly used, but it's not efficiently used, I think. We could have ev even lost the selection button and uh done everything via L_C_D_ selection. It's now it's just extra to illustrate im uh extra features, but okay. Can you talk to remote control? Well, it can't talk anymore. So we scrap that. Oh yeah Just to be a prick, but of course you can talk to your remote control, it doesn't do anything. But you c you can talk to it. Well, we did take everything into consideration of course. Uh the shape i shape is i I think we yeah, I think that's okay. Yeah, special co but we took into consideration the fact that it's customisable to the fashi We don't have it we do have it, it's just sold as a package. It does it's not part of the basic product. It that that's what I call trendy. I mean the shape is trendy. The the sh the the functions are trendy. It's just the colours that are not supporting the basic model. Because you ha it's just not affordable at the moment. It's possible, but you have to pay extra for the for the possibility of having it in a f a different colour. Overall score. One two three. sixteen. Two two point some two point something.. Two and two thirds. It's okay, but that's yo m mostly it's it's influenced by the fact that we didn't have enough resources to implement speech recognition. 'Cause yeah, that gives you a seven, which ruins your your average. Without that it would be like under it wouldn't yeah, it would be under two. So I think we have even with this it's reasonable. Well I think it's two is okay. Yeah, two is pretty good. Definitely. Yeah, I think it's probably I I do admit that we d did miss a little or didn't sp didn't talk talk enough about the possibility of the L_C_D_ display. We could have used it more efficiently, we just didn't think of it that way. So like I said, changing channels, everything hidden in your L_C_D_ display, so you just need the navigation buttons to do everything. I think we div I think we did very well, uh ev even if you look at this score, we did quite well. It just looking for improvements what what you could have improved. So. They sh they should get kids, and just stick 'em in T_V_ and say change the channel. I don' think so. Uh it's just not it it's not affordable. Or your sh you should lose the L_C_D_ screen probably, but I think that's I think the L_C_D_ screen is more worth than speech recognition. Definitely. Okay, that was that. So that's the final product without the speakers, I guess. Let's see, what was left in the the Another one. Hmm. Yeah, we evaluate the product. General project, what's i in For example, I thou I thought we were pretty creative in what we created. We took the whole new approach of making exchangeable cover for example, which I thought was pretty creative, because it was never never ever listed somewhere. Well Anyways. Yeah, leadership is up to you. I mean perhaps I screwed up because I d put a put a speech recognition into it. But that's not for me to decide. I think we did pretty well as team-work though. Because, yeah was very hard to work with one another if you cannot communicate in the meantime, because when I got the when I got the input for the financial results, initially of course I wanted to contact you. Say, look, this is you're doing the wrong thing, you're s you're wasting your time now, because we're implementing stuff that we cannot afford. So it would be better if y if there was more communication between uh because that's that's what would w you what you would normally do, either call or email someone. So that was too bad con was impossible here anyways.. It didn't have or didn't knew what they costs or whatever. There was just too little information about what things actually cost and if you could use them. So that was a little unclear I suppose. I think a SMARTboard SMARTboard is pretty cool. I think uh s especially for design issues, it's very easy just to give your give your thoughts a little it's easier to share them. It's a little less it the response time is le it's very bad. It's good to visualise everything, but I think the response time should could be a lot better. Definitely. Yeah, it's true. No, you don't have to. No, you don't. I jin I didn't check the finish button. I just you just ditch it and you can copy it or whatever. Uh only if you uh check the notes or press done. Then it um then you can then it exports to Word automatically. But it's not necessary to check either one of those two. You can just preview your p you can just preview your page in the in the programme. Okay, before starting a ne a new page. Okay, that could be b. Okay. Yeah, okay. That's Yeah, it's understandable, okay. Any new ideas? Yeah, more communication between between uh that's the thing I noticed, that communication is very um very important, because if you get new information, it's essential f for the other team-mates to know that as soon as possible, because you would avoid making doing extra work, because you were doing extra work now uh m working on the on the speech recognition, you have limitation both on the technical on the d on the design side. So I think that could have been better. But that's I think it's more of a a setting here that you cannot communicate than uh than somewhere else. So Yeah, I think so. And l less p less spam probably. I'm not sure i I'm not sure you got spammed as well, but I get spammed like every t every two minutes there was a there was another email about master classes or something. So which were totally useless actually. I thought I should probably look into them, but they were all useless. So I just Oh okay. I didn't have any uh more information, it's just always the same here. So that's that's kind of a It would change, but not for me. So I'd I had no extra information to go on that one than what you give me actually. I couldn't do any research myself or I see, that's yeah, w I could have done a little extra work probably, then But I was busy enough anyway. So Any new ideas found? Or is that a 'cause uh yeah, it's well, probably is. I have no clue. That's like oh,but it Should i if the project is evaluated and it was it was in b within budget, we should celebrate. So Uh okay, think that's about it. Uh I'm not sure what we should still do though uh t let's see what all your tasks were finished, right? What you ha from your assistant. So let's Okay, I should I think I sh I still have the the total report to finish up. I think we took very little time now, because Yeah, we're in agreement, everything the design is okay. The one thing we missed though, we don't have a product name. How about you cook a how about you cook up a product name? Just oh, think of a catchy name. I'll be working on this until the beep until it beeps. So What? Fruit? You don't want it to resemble a banana. It's not yellow anyway. It's not yellow anymore. It is curved, but No, it's Hmm. Real Reaction future R_C_. Step into the future of of remote controlling your T_V_. No that's a that's a catchy slogan. Control your remote control. I go for future R_C_ probably. Something like It's short f Real reactor? Uh that that's That makes me think of different products than a remote control really. I'm not sure. Real reaction in a real Real reactor. Didn't notice. Mm. I take f yeah, take a banana. Hmm. No, not like that. It should be it should be longer, because it's not a product name that you f print on a box. Just write out triple, like a word triple R_C_, triple stripe Oh. Triple dash R_ dash s s C_. Yeah. R_ dash C_. Dash. Triple R_ or triple R_C_? How about do both? Sure if it looks stupid. Uh I think that the the R_C_ together takes away the the the image of it's a triple Uh the first the first one looks like it's a triple remote control, but it's only a single remote control. And it's especially on the triple R_ that's important. The Real Reaction Remote. Yeah, triple R_ yeah, you can Yeah, triple R_. Banana remote. I think we're all in agreement about the triple R_. I think triple R_ is cool. And it looks cool when you print it in font, looks pretty cool. Just like this just and you just print triple R_, it looks doesn't look bad, it's short, it's okay. So have to write my report now, I guess. Um Um Yeah, so we have everything. We have the product, we have the costs, we have the possibility of everything. Okay. I think it's adjourned. Retire to my lair and finish the report. That was a short meeting. But efficient though. Probably. See. Okay, goodbye. Could you guys draw me a picture of the final design to put on the cover of the report?
";The UI and ID presented a prototype drawing of the remote control design. The rubber case is yellow with black buttons and dark yellow for the menus. There are buttons for teletext, favourite channel, mute and OK. It incorporates both LCD screen and speech recognition. The prototype proved over budget (17 euros). The main contributing factors were the LCD and speech recognition. The latter was taken out, along with the special colour. Everyone agreed that the financial information should not have been given to them at the last moment. After the costing, the original prototype was evaluated on a scale of 1(excellent)-7(very bad). The criteria used were look and feel (1), whether it is easy to find (1), whether it is easy to learn (2), use of LCD (3), speech recognition (7), trendiness (2). Finally, the team evaluated the project process in terms of creativity (satisfactory), leadership and teamwork (happy with it, but they missed communicating in between meetings), and means (SMARTboard could be improved in terms of response time, the digital pens could not be used on more than one page at the same time). Finally, the decided to call their design Triple-R. 
